What is Summer Story (Brambly Hedge) about?
Who is the author of Summer Story (Brambly Hedge)?
When was Summer Story (Brambly Hedge) published?
What is the genre of Summer Story (Brambly Hedge)?
How many pages does Summer Story (Brambly Hedge) have?
Can you summarize Summer Story (Brambly Hedge)?
What is The lake of darkness about?
Who is the author of The lake of darkness?
When was The lake of darkness published?
What is the genre of The lake of darkness?
How many pages does The lake of darkness have?
Can you summarize The lake of darkness?
What is Beyond the Blue Event Horizon (Heechee Saga, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Beyond the Blue Event Horizon (Heechee Saga, Book 2)?
When was Beyond the Blue Event Horizon (Heechee Saga, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Beyond the Blue Event Horizon (Heechee Saga, Book 2)?
How many pages does Beyond the Blue Event Horizon (Heechee Saga, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Beyond the Blue Event Horizon (Heechee Saga, Book 2)?
What is St. Peter's Fair about?
Who is the author of St. Peter's Fair?
When was St. Peter's Fair published?
What is the genre of St. Peter's Fair?
How many pages does St. Peter's Fair have?
Can you summarize St. Peter's Fair?
What is Twice Shy about?
Who is the author of Twice Shy?
When was Twice Shy published?
What is the genre of Twice Shy?
How many pages does Twice Shy have?
Can you summarize Twice Shy?
What is Door in the Hedge about?
Who is the author of Door in the Hedge?
When was Door in the Hedge published?
What is the genre of Door in the Hedge?
How many pages does Door in the Hedge have?
Can you summarize Door in the Hedge?
What is Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton) about?
Who is the author of Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton)?
When was Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton) published?
What is the genre of Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton)?
How many pages does Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton) have?
Can you summarize Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton)?
What is Pawn of prophecy about?
Who is the author of Pawn of prophecy?
When was Pawn of prophecy published?
What is the genre of Pawn of prophecy?
How many pages does Pawn of prophecy have?
Can you summarize Pawn of prophecy?
What is Pacific Vortex! about?
Who is the author of Pacific Vortex!?
When was Pacific Vortex! published?
What is the genre of Pacific Vortex!?
How many pages does Pacific Vortex! have?
Can you summarize Pacific Vortex!?
What is Christine about?
Who is the author of Christine?
When was Christine published?
What is the genre of Christine?
How many pages does Christine have?
Can you summarize Christine?
What is Proof about?
Who is the author of Proof?
When was Proof published?
What is the genre of Proof?
How many pages does Proof have?
Can you summarize Proof?
What is Dragons of Autumn Twilight about?
Who is the author of Dragons of Autumn Twilight?
When was Dragons of Autumn Twilight published?
What is the genre of Dragons of Autumn Twilight?
How many pages does Dragons of Autumn Twilight have?
Can you summarize Dragons of Autumn Twilight?
What is The Bone People about?
Who is the author of The Bone People?
When was The Bone People published?
What is the genre of The Bone People?
How many pages does The Bone People have?
Can you summarize The Bone People?
What is Books of Blood about?
Who is the author of Books of Blood?
When was Books of Blood published?
What is the genre of Books of Blood?
How many pages does Books of Blood have?
Can you summarize Books of Blood?
What is Shallows about?
Who is the author of Shallows?
When was Shallows published?
What is the genre of Shallows?
How many pages does Shallows have?
Can you summarize Shallows?
What is A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications) about?
Who is the author of A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications)?
When was A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications) published?
What is the genre of A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications)?
How many pages does A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications) have?
Can you summarize A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications)?
What is Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6 about?
Who is the author of Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6?
When was Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6 published?
What is the genre of Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6?
How many pages does Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6 have?
Can you summarize Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6?
What is The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library) about?
Who is the author of The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library)?
When was The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library) published?
What is the genre of The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library)?
How many pages does The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library) have?
Can you summarize The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library)?
What is Sweet Starfire about?
Who is the author of Sweet Starfire?
When was Sweet Starfire published?
What is the genre of Sweet Starfire?
How many pages does Sweet Starfire have?
Can you summarize Sweet Starfire?
What is The Complete Maus about?
Who is the author of The Complete Maus?
When was The Complete Maus published?
What is the genre of The Complete Maus?
How many pages does The Complete Maus have?
Can you summarize The Complete Maus?
What is Hot money about?
Who is the author of Hot money?
When was Hot money published?
What is the genre of Hot money?
How many pages does Hot money have?
Can you summarize Hot money?
What is Gallows View about?
Who is the author of Gallows View?
When was Gallows View published?
What is the genre of Gallows View?
How many pages does Gallows View have?
Can you summarize Gallows View?
What is The Magicians of Caprona (Chrestomanci, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of The Magicians of Caprona (Chrestomanci, Book 2)?
When was The Magicians of Caprona (Chrestomanci, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of The Magicians of Caprona (Chrestomanci, Book 2)?
How many pages does The Magicians of Caprona (Chrestomanci, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize The Magicians of Caprona (Chrestomanci, Book 2)?
What is The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill about?
Who is the author of The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill?
When was The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill published?
What is the genre of The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill?
How many pages does The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill have?
Can you summarize The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill?
What is From Beirut to Jerusalem about?
Who is the author of From Beirut to Jerusalem?
When was From Beirut to Jerusalem published?
What is the genre of From Beirut to Jerusalem?
How many pages does From Beirut to Jerusalem have?
Can you summarize From Beirut to Jerusalem?
What is Wayside School is Falling Down about?
Who is the author of Wayside School is Falling Down?
When was Wayside School is Falling Down published?
What is the genre of Wayside School is Falling Down?
How many pages does Wayside School is Falling Down have?
Can you summarize Wayside School is Falling Down?
What is Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
When was Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
How many pages does Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
What is Jingo about?
Who is the author of Jingo?
When was Jingo published?
What is the genre of Jingo?
How many pages does Jingo have?
Can you summarize Jingo?
What is Curses! about?
Who is the author of Curses!?
When was Curses! published?
What is the genre of Curses!?
How many pages does Curses! have?
Can you summarize Curses!?
What is The Paper Bag Princess (Classic Munsch) about?
Who is the author of The Paper Bag Princess (Classic Munsch)?
When was The Paper Bag Princess (Classic Munsch) published?
What is the genre of The Paper Bag Princess (Classic Munsch)?
How many pages does The Paper Bag Princess (Classic Munsch) have?
Can you summarize The Paper Bag Princess (Classic Munsch)?
What is The Vor Game about?
Who is the author of The Vor Game?
When was The Vor Game published?
What is the genre of The Vor Game?
How many pages does The Vor Game have?
Can you summarize The Vor Game?
What is Rabbit at rest about?
Who is the author of Rabbit at rest?
When was Rabbit at rest published?
What is the genre of Rabbit at rest?
How many pages does Rabbit at rest have?
Can you summarize Rabbit at rest?
What is Time Bomb (Alex Delaware) about?
Who is the author of Time Bomb (Alex Delaware)?
When was Time Bomb (Alex Delaware) published?
What is the genre of Time Bomb (Alex Delaware)?
How many pages does Time Bomb (Alex Delaware) have?
Can you summarize Time Bomb (Alex Delaware)?
What is The Sum of All Fears about?
Who is the author of The Sum of All Fears?
When was The Sum of All Fears published?
What is the genre of The Sum of All Fears?
How many pages does The Sum of All Fears have?
Can you summarize The Sum of All Fears?
What is Preludes and Nocturnes about?
Who is the author of Preludes and Nocturnes?
When was Preludes and Nocturnes published?
What is the genre of Preludes and Nocturnes?
How many pages does Preludes and Nocturnes have?
Can you summarize Preludes and Nocturnes?
What is Rites of Passage (Faber Fiction Classics) about?
Who is the author of Rites of Passage (Faber Fiction Classics)?
When was Rites of Passage (Faber Fiction Classics) published?
What is the genre of Rites of Passage (Faber Fiction Classics)?
How many pages does Rites of Passage (Faber Fiction Classics) have?
Can you summarize Rites of Passage (Faber Fiction Classics)?
What is The girl in a swing about?
Who is the author of The girl in a swing?
When was The girl in a swing published?
What is the genre of The girl in a swing?
How many pages does The girl in a swing have?
Can you summarize The girl in a swing?
What is Masques about?
Who is the author of Masques?
When was Masques published?
What is the genre of Masques?
How many pages does Masques have?
Can you summarize Masques?
What is The official preppy handbook about?
Who is the author of The official preppy handbook?
When was The official preppy handbook published?
What is the genre of The official preppy handbook?
How many pages does The official preppy handbook have?
Can you summarize The official preppy handbook?
What is The first man about?
Who is the author of The first man?
When was The first man published?
What is the genre of The first man?
How many pages does The first man have?
Can you summarize The first man?
What is Voice of the night (The) about?
Who is the author of Voice of the night (The)?
When was Voice of the night (The) published?
What is the genre of Voice of the night (The)?
How many pages does Voice of the night (The) have?
Can you summarize Voice of the night (The)?
What is A place called freedom about?
Who is the author of A place called freedom?
When was A place called freedom published?
What is the genre of A place called freedom?
How many pages does A place called freedom have?
Can you summarize A place called freedom?
What is The Lunatic Cafe about?
Who is the author of The Lunatic Cafe?
When was The Lunatic Cafe published?
What is the genre of The Lunatic Cafe?
How many pages does The Lunatic Cafe have?
Can you summarize The Lunatic Cafe?
What is Hitler's Willing Executioners about?
Who is the author of Hitler's Willing Executioners?
When was Hitler's Willing Executioners published?
What is the genre of Hitler's Willing Executioners?
How many pages does Hitler's Willing Executioners have?
Can you summarize Hitler's Willing Executioners?
What is The Transit of Venus (Virago Modern Classics) about?
Who is the author of The Transit of Venus (Virago Modern Classics)?
When was The Transit of Venus (Virago Modern Classics) published?
What is the genre of The Transit of Venus (Virago Modern Classics)?
How many pages does The Transit of Venus (Virago Modern Classics) have?
Can you summarize The Transit of Venus (Virago Modern Classics)?
What is Cold Mountain about?
Who is the author of Cold Mountain?
When was Cold Mountain published?
What is the genre of Cold Mountain?
How many pages does Cold Mountain have?
Can you summarize Cold Mountain?
What is Reliquary about?
Who is the author of Reliquary?
When was Reliquary published?
What is the genre of Reliquary?
How many pages does Reliquary have?
Can you summarize Reliquary?
What is One Step Behind about?
Who is the author of One Step Behind?
When was One Step Behind published?
What is the genre of One Step Behind?
How many pages does One Step Behind have?
Can you summarize One Step Behind?
What is A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels) about?
Who is the author of A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels)?
When was A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels) published?
What is the genre of A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels)?
How many pages does A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels) have?
Can you summarize A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels)?
What is Pandora about?
Who is the author of Pandora?
When was Pandora published?
What is the genre of Pandora?
How many pages does Pandora have?
Can you summarize Pandora?
What is Waiting about?
Who is the author of Waiting?
When was Waiting published?
What is the genre of Waiting?
How many pages does Waiting have?
Can you summarize Waiting?
What is A Place of Safety about?
Who is the author of A Place of Safety?
When was A Place of Safety published?
What is the genre of A Place of Safety?
How many pages does A Place of Safety have?
Can you summarize A Place of Safety?
What is Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9) about?
Who is the author of Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9)?
When was Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9) published?
What is the genre of Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9)?
How many pages does Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9) have?
Can you summarize Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9)?
What is When We Were Orphans about?
Who is the author of When We Were Orphans?
When was When We Were Orphans published?
What is the genre of When We Were Orphans?
How many pages does When We Were Orphans have?
Can you summarize When We Were Orphans?
What is Blonde about?
Who is the author of Blonde?
When was Blonde published?
What is the genre of Blonde?
How many pages does Blonde have?
Can you summarize Blonde?
What is Dreamcatcher about?
Who is the author of Dreamcatcher?
When was Dreamcatcher published?
What is the genre of Dreamcatcher?
How many pages does Dreamcatcher have?
Can you summarize Dreamcatcher?
What is Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage about?
Who is the author of Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage?
When was Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage published?
What is the genre of Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage?
How many pages does Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage have?
Can you summarize Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage?
What is The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2) about?
Who is the author of The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2)?
When was The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2) published?
What is the genre of The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2)?
How many pages does The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2) have?
Can you summarize The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2)?
What is Blood lure about?
Who is the author of Blood lure?
When was Blood lure published?
What is the genre of Blood lure?
How many pages does Blood lure have?
Can you summarize Blood lure?
What is The separation about?
Who is the author of The separation?
When was The separation published?
What is the genre of The separation?
How many pages does The separation have?
Can you summarize The separation?
What is Living history about?
Who is the author of Living history?
When was Living history published?
What is the genre of Living history?
How many pages does Living history have?
Can you summarize Living history?
What is Mirror Mirror about?
Who is the author of Mirror Mirror?
When was Mirror Mirror published?
What is the genre of Mirror Mirror?
How many pages does Mirror Mirror have?
Can you summarize Mirror Mirror?
What is The Fabric of the Cosmos about?
Who is the author of The Fabric of the Cosmos?
When was The Fabric of the Cosmos published?
What is the genre of The Fabric of the Cosmos?
How many pages does The Fabric of the Cosmos have?
Can you summarize The Fabric of the Cosmos?
What is Dance of death about?
Who is the author of Dance of death?
When was Dance of death published?
What is the genre of Dance of death?
How many pages does Dance of death have?
Can you summarize Dance of death?
What is Every which way but dead about?
Who is the author of Every which way but dead?
When was Every which way but dead published?
What is the genre of Every which way but dead?
How many pages does Every which way but dead have?
Can you summarize Every which way but dead?
What is The Road about?
Who is the author of The Road?
When was The Road published?
What is the genre of The Road?
How many pages does The Road have?
Can you summarize The Road?
What is The Girl Who Played with Fire about?
Who is the author of The Girl Who Played with Fire?
When was The Girl Who Played with Fire published?
What is the genre of The Girl Who Played with Fire?
How many pages does The Girl Who Played with Fire have?
Can you summarize The Girl Who Played with Fire?
What is I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1) about?
Who is the author of I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1)?
When was I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1) published?
What is the genre of I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1)?
How many pages does I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1) have?
Can you summarize I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1)?
What is The God delusion about?
Who is the author of The God delusion?
When was The God delusion published?
What is the genre of The God delusion?
How many pages does The God delusion have?
Can you summarize The God delusion?
What is The Blade Itself about?
Who is the author of The Blade Itself?
When was The Blade Itself published?
What is the genre of The Blade Itself?
How many pages does The Blade Itself have?
Can you summarize The Blade Itself?
What is Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition about?
Who is the author of Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition?
When was Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition published?
What is the genre of Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition?
How many pages does Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition have?
Can you summarize Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition?
What is Innocent in Death about?
Who is the author of Innocent in Death?
When was Innocent in Death published?
What is the genre of Innocent in Death?
How many pages does Innocent in Death have?
Can you summarize Innocent in Death?
What is Zookeeper's Wife about?
Who is the author of Zookeeper's Wife?
When was Zookeeper's Wife published?
What is the genre of Zookeeper's Wife?
How many pages does Zookeeper's Wife have?
Can you summarize Zookeeper's Wife?
What is Whatever You Do, Don't Run about?
Who is the author of Whatever You Do, Don't Run?
When was Whatever You Do, Don't Run published?
What is the genre of Whatever You Do, Don't Run?
How many pages does Whatever You Do, Don't Run have?
Can you summarize Whatever You Do, Don't Run?
What is Baking about?
Who is the author of Baking?
When was Baking published?
What is the genre of Baking?
How many pages does Baking have?
Can you summarize Baking?
What is Flow down like silver about?
Who is the author of Flow down like silver?
When was Flow down like silver published?
What is the genre of Flow down like silver?
How many pages does Flow down like silver have?
Can you summarize Flow down like silver?
What is Shadowland about?
Who is the author of Shadowland?
When was Shadowland published?
What is the genre of Shadowland?
How many pages does Shadowland have?
Can you summarize Shadowland?
What is Twenties Girl about?
Who is the author of Twenties Girl?
When was Twenties Girl published?
What is the genre of Twenties Girl?
How many pages does Twenties Girl have?
Can you summarize Twenties Girl?
What is Under the dome about?
Who is the author of Under the dome?
When was Under the dome published?
What is the genre of Under the dome?
How many pages does Under the dome have?
Can you summarize Under the dome?
What is The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2) about?
Who is the author of The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2)?
When was The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2) published?
What is the genre of The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2)?
How many pages does The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2) have?
Can you summarize The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2)?
What is Ecstasy Unveiled about?
Who is the author of Ecstasy Unveiled?
When was Ecstasy Unveiled published?
What is the genre of Ecstasy Unveiled?
How many pages does Ecstasy Unveiled have?
Can you summarize Ecstasy Unveiled?
What is Game Change about?
Who is the author of Game Change?
When was Game Change published?
What is the genre of Game Change?
How many pages does Game Change have?
Can you summarize Game Change?
What is The iron queen about?
Who is the author of The iron queen?
When was The iron queen published?
What is the genre of The iron queen?
How many pages does The iron queen have?
Can you summarize The iron queen?
What is Princess Daisy about?
Who is the author of Princess Daisy?
When was Princess Daisy published?
What is the genre of Princess Daisy?
How many pages does Princess Daisy have?
Can you summarize Princess Daisy?
What is Ready Player One about?
Who is the author of Ready Player One?
When was Ready Player One published?
What is the genre of Ready Player One?
How many pages does Ready Player One have?
Can you summarize Ready Player One?
What is Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4) about?
Who is the author of Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4)?
When was Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4) published?
What is the genre of Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4)?
How many pages does Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4) have?
Can you summarize Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4)?
What is Magic slays about?
Who is the author of Magic slays?
When was Magic slays published?
What is the genre of Magic slays?
How many pages does Magic slays have?
Can you summarize Magic slays?
What is Starcrossed about?
Who is the author of Starcrossed?
When was Starcrossed published?
What is the genre of Starcrossed?
How many pages does Starcrossed have?
Can you summarize Starcrossed?
What is Iron Crowned about?
Who is the author of Iron Crowned?
When was Iron Crowned published?
What is the genre of Iron Crowned?
How many pages does Iron Crowned have?
Can you summarize Iron Crowned?
What is City of Lost Souls about?
Who is the author of City of Lost Souls?
When was City of Lost Souls published?
What is the genre of City of Lost Souls?
How many pages does City of Lost Souls have?
Can you summarize City of Lost Souls?
What is Lover reborn about?
Who is the author of Lover reborn?
When was Lover reborn published?
What is the genre of Lover reborn?
How many pages does Lover reborn have?
Can you summarize Lover reborn?
What is The Serpent's Shadow about?
Who is the author of The Serpent's Shadow?
When was The Serpent's Shadow published?
What is the genre of The Serpent's Shadow?
How many pages does The Serpent's Shadow have?
Can you summarize The Serpent's Shadow?
What is The Immortal Rules about?
Who is the author of The Immortal Rules?
When was The Immortal Rules published?
What is the genre of The Immortal Rules?
How many pages does The Immortal Rules have?
Can you summarize The Immortal Rules?
What is Wicked nights about?
Who is the author of Wicked nights?
When was Wicked nights published?
What is the genre of Wicked nights?
How many pages does Wicked nights have?
Can you summarize Wicked nights?
What is Prodigy about?
Who is the author of Prodigy?
When was Prodigy published?
What is the genre of Prodigy?
How many pages does Prodigy have?
Can you summarize Prodigy?
What is Boundless about?
Who is the author of Boundless?
When was Boundless published?
What is the genre of Boundless?
How many pages does Boundless have?
Can you summarize Boundless?
What is Magic Breaks about?
Who is the author of Magic Breaks?
When was Magic Breaks published?
What is the genre of Magic Breaks?
How many pages does Magic Breaks have?
Can you summarize Magic Breaks?
What is Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices) about?
Who is the author of Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices)?
When was Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices) published?
What is the genre of Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices)?
How many pages does Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices) have?
Can you summarize Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices)?
What is A Gathering of Shadows about?
Who is the author of A Gathering of Shadows?
When was A Gathering of Shadows published?
What is the genre of A Gathering of Shadows?
How many pages does A Gathering of Shadows have?
Can you summarize A Gathering of Shadows?
What is The Passenger about?
Who is the author of The Passenger?
When was The Passenger published?
What is the genre of The Passenger?
How many pages does The Passenger have?
Can you summarize The Passenger?
What is The Curse of the Pharaohs about?
Who is the author of The Curse of the Pharaohs?
When was The Curse of the Pharaohs published?
What is the genre of The Curse of the Pharaohs?
How many pages does The Curse of the Pharaohs have?
Can you summarize The Curse of the Pharaohs?
What is They both die at the end about?
Who is the author of They both die at the end?
When was They both die at the end published?
What is the genre of They both die at the end?
How many pages does They both die at the end have?
Can you summarize They both die at the end?
What is The upside of unrequited about?
Who is the author of The upside of unrequited?
When was The upside of unrequited published?
What is the genre of The upside of unrequited?
How many pages does The upside of unrequited have?
Can you summarize The upside of unrequited?
What is Waking gods about?
Who is the author of Waking gods?
When was Waking gods published?
What is the genre of Waking gods?
How many pages does Waking gods have?
Can you summarize Waking gods?
What is A List of Cages about?
Who is the author of A List of Cages?
When was A List of Cages published?
What is the genre of A List of Cages?
How many pages does A List of Cages have?
Can you summarize A List of Cages?
What is The Roanoke girls about?
Who is the author of The Roanoke girls?
When was The Roanoke girls published?
What is the genre of The Roanoke girls?
How many pages does The Roanoke girls have?
Can you summarize The Roanoke girls?
What is Kingdom of Ash about?
Who is the author of Kingdom of Ash?
When was Kingdom of Ash published?
What is the genre of Kingdom of Ash?
How many pages does Kingdom of Ash have?
Can you summarize Kingdom of Ash?
What is A reaper at the gates about?
Who is the author of A reaper at the gates?
When was A reaper at the gates published?
What is the genre of A reaper at the gates?
How many pages does A reaper at the gates have?
Can you summarize A reaper at the gates?
What is The Poppy War about?
Who is the author of The Poppy War?
When was The Poppy War published?
What is the genre of The Poppy War?
How many pages does The Poppy War have?
Can you summarize The Poppy War?
What is Kingdom of Copper about?
Who is the author of Kingdom of Copper?
When was Kingdom of Copper published?
What is the genre of Kingdom of Copper?
How many pages does Kingdom of Copper have?
Can you summarize Kingdom of Copper?
What is The Gilded Wolves about?
Who is the author of The Gilded Wolves?
When was The Gilded Wolves published?
What is the genre of The Gilded Wolves?
How many pages does The Gilded Wolves have?
Can you summarize The Gilded Wolves?
What is The panda's thumb about?
Who is the author of The panda's thumb?
When was The panda's thumb published?
What is the genre of The panda's thumb?
How many pages does The panda's thumb have?
Can you summarize The panda's thumb?
What is Boyfriend Material about?
Who is the author of Boyfriend Material?
When was Boyfriend Material published?
What is the genre of Boyfriend Material?
How many pages does Boyfriend Material have?
Can you summarize Boyfriend Material?
What is Cemetery Boys about?
Who is the author of Cemetery Boys?
When was Cemetery Boys published?
What is the genre of Cemetery Boys?
How many pages does Cemetery Boys have?
Can you summarize Cemetery Boys?
What is Rose Code about?
Who is the author of Rose Code?
When was Rose Code published?
What is the genre of Rose Code?
How many pages does Rose Code have?
Can you summarize Rose Code?
What is Rule of Wolves about?
Who is the author of Rule of Wolves?
When was Rule of Wolves published?
What is the genre of Rule of Wolves?
How many pages does Rule of Wolves have?
Can you summarize Rule of Wolves?
What is The Push about?
Who is the author of The Push?
When was The Push published?
What is the genre of The Push?
How many pages does The Push have?
Can you summarize The Push?
What is Untitled EA about?
Who is the author of Untitled EA?
When was Untitled EA published?
What is the genre of Untitled EA?
How many pages does Untitled EA have?
Can you summarize Untitled EA?
What is Local Woman Missing about?
Who is the author of Local Woman Missing?
When was Local Woman Missing published?
What is the genre of Local Woman Missing?
How many pages does Local Woman Missing have?
Can you summarize Local Woman Missing?
What is It Happened One Summer about?
Who is the author of It Happened One Summer?
When was It Happened One Summer published?
What is the genre of It Happened One Summer?
How many pages does It Happened One Summer have?
Can you summarize It Happened One Summer?
What is The Hill We Climb about?
Who is the author of The Hill We Climb?
When was The Hill We Climb published?
What is the genre of The Hill We Climb?
How many pages does The Hill We Climb have?
Can you summarize The Hill We Climb?
What is The Book of Cold Cases about?
Who is the author of The Book of Cold Cases?
When was The Book of Cold Cases published?
What is the genre of The Book of Cold Cases?
How many pages does The Book of Cold Cases have?
Can you summarize The Book of Cold Cases?
What is Notes on an Execution about?
Who is the author of Notes on an Execution?
When was Notes on an Execution published?
What is the genre of Notes on an Execution?
How many pages does Notes on an Execution have?
Can you summarize Notes on an Execution?
What is Strata about?
Who is the author of Strata?
When was Strata published?
What is the genre of Strata?
How many pages does Strata have?
Can you summarize Strata?
What is Where the Drowned Girls Go about?
Who is the author of Where the Drowned Girls Go?
When was Where the Drowned Girls Go published?
What is the genre of Where the Drowned Girls Go?
How many pages does Where the Drowned Girls Go have?
Can you summarize Where the Drowned Girls Go?
What is The Christie Affair about?
Who is the author of The Christie Affair?
When was The Christie Affair published?
What is the genre of The Christie Affair?
How many pages does The Christie Affair have?
Can you summarize The Christie Affair?
What is Change about?
Who is the author of Change?
When was Change published?
What is the genre of Change?
How many pages does Change have?
Can you summarize Change?
What is Stolen Heir about?
Who is the author of Stolen Heir?
When was Stolen Heir published?
What is the genre of Stolen Heir?
How many pages does Stolen Heir have?
Can you summarize Stolen Heir?
What is Clytemnestra about?
Who is the author of Clytemnestra?
When was Clytemnestra published?
What is the genre of Clytemnestra?
How many pages does Clytemnestra have?
Can you summarize Clytemnestra?
What is Soul of Ash and Blood about?
Who is the author of Soul of Ash and Blood?
When was Soul of Ash and Blood published?
What is the genre of Soul of Ash and Blood?
How many pages does Soul of Ash and Blood have?
Can you summarize Soul of Ash and Blood?
What is Thursday Murder Club 4 about?
Who is the author of Thursday Murder Club 4?
When was Thursday Murder Club 4 published?
What is the genre of Thursday Murder Club 4?
How many pages does Thursday Murder Club 4 have?
Can you summarize Thursday Murder Club 4?
What is Getting To Yes about?
Who is the author of Getting To Yes?
When was Getting To Yes published?
What is the genre of Getting To Yes?
How many pages does Getting To Yes have?
Can you summarize Getting To Yes?
What is Truth for Germany about?
Who is the author of Truth for Germany?
When was Truth for Germany published?
What is the genre of Truth for Germany?
How many pages does Truth for Germany have?
Can you summarize Truth for Germany?
What is A visit to William Blake's inn about?
Who is the author of A visit to William Blake's inn?
When was A visit to William Blake's inn published?
What is the genre of A visit to William Blake's inn?
How many pages does A visit to William Blake's inn have?
Can you summarize A visit to William Blake's inn?
What is If There Be Thorns about?
Who is the author of If There Be Thorns?
When was If There Be Thorns published?
What is the genre of If There Be Thorns?
How many pages does If There Be Thorns have?
Can you summarize If There Be Thorns?
What is Agua Quemada/Burned Water about?
Who is the author of Agua Quemada/Burned Water?
When was Agua Quemada/Burned Water published?
What is the genre of Agua Quemada/Burned Water?
How many pages does Agua Quemada/Burned Water have?
Can you summarize Agua Quemada/Burned Water?
What is The Complete Poems about?
Who is the author of The Complete Poems?
When was The Complete Poems published?
What is the genre of The Complete Poems?
How many pages does The Complete Poems have?
Can you summarize The Complete Poems?
What is When the Bough Breaks about?
Who is the author of When the Bough Breaks?
When was When the Bough Breaks published?
What is the genre of When the Bough Breaks?
How many pages does When the Bough Breaks have?
Can you summarize When the Bough Breaks?
What is Follow the River about?
Who is the author of Follow the River?
When was Follow the River published?
What is the genre of Follow the River?
How many pages does Follow the River have?
Can you summarize Follow the River?
What is The Atlas of Middle-Earth (Revised Edition) about?
Who is the author of The Atlas of Middle-Earth (Revised Edition)?
When was The Atlas of Middle-Earth (Revised Edition) published?
What is the genre of The Atlas of Middle-Earth (Revised Edition)?
How many pages does The Atlas of Middle-Earth (Revised Edition) have?
Can you summarize The Atlas of Middle-Earth (Revised Edition)?
What is Loitering with intent about?
Who is the author of Loitering with intent?
When was Loitering with intent published?
What is the genre of Loitering with intent?
How many pages does Loitering with intent have?
Can you summarize Loitering with intent?
What is What's to become of the boy?, or, Something to do with books about?
Who is the author of What's to become of the boy?, or, Something to do with books?
When was What's to become of the boy?, or, Something to do with books published?
What is the genre of What's to become of the boy?, or, Something to do with books?
How many pages does What's to become of the boy?, or, Something to do with books have?
Can you summarize What's to become of the boy?, or, Something to do with books?
What is Twice Shy about?
Who is the author of Twice Shy?
When was Twice Shy published?
What is the genre of Twice Shy?
How many pages does Twice Shy have?
Can you summarize Twice Shy?
What is Door in the Hedge about?
Who is the author of Door in the Hedge?
When was Door in the Hedge published?
What is the genre of Door in the Hedge?
How many pages does Door in the Hedge have?
Can you summarize Door in the Hedge?
What is The Elementals about?
Who is the author of The Elementals?
When was The Elementals published?
What is the genre of The Elementals?
How many pages does The Elementals have?
Can you summarize The Elementals?
What is Murder goes mumming about?
Who is the author of Murder goes mumming?
When was Murder goes mumming published?
What is the genre of Murder goes mumming?
How many pages does Murder goes mumming have?
Can you summarize Murder goes mumming?
What is Death of an Englishman about?
Who is the author of Death of an Englishman?
When was Death of an Englishman published?
What is the genre of Death of an Englishman?
How many pages does Death of an Englishman have?
Can you summarize Death of an Englishman?
What is A Minor Apocalypse about?
Who is the author of A Minor Apocalypse?
When was A Minor Apocalypse published?
What is the genre of A Minor Apocalypse?
How many pages does A Minor Apocalypse have?
Can you summarize A Minor Apocalypse?
What is A wild patience has taken me this far about?
Who is the author of A wild patience has taken me this far?
When was A wild patience has taken me this far published?
What is the genre of A wild patience has taken me this far?
How many pages does A wild patience has taken me this far have?
Can you summarize A wild patience has taken me this far?
What is Resurrection Row about?
Who is the author of Resurrection Row?
When was Resurrection Row published?
What is the genre of Resurrection Row?
How many pages does Resurrection Row have?
Can you summarize Resurrection Row?
What is Rhinestone sharecropping about?
Who is the author of Rhinestone sharecropping?
When was Rhinestone sharecropping published?
What is the genre of Rhinestone sharecropping?
How many pages does Rhinestone sharecropping have?
Can you summarize Rhinestone sharecropping?
What is Ain't I A Woman about?
Who is the author of Ain't I A Woman?
When was Ain't I A Woman published?
What is the genre of Ain't I A Woman?
How many pages does Ain't I A Woman have?
Can you summarize Ain't I A Woman?
What is They Thirst about?
Who is the author of They Thirst?
When was They Thirst published?
What is the genre of They Thirst?
How many pages does They Thirst have?
Can you summarize They Thirst?
What is Old Priory about?
Who is the author of Old Priory?
When was Old Priory published?
What is the genre of Old Priory?
How many pages does Old Priory have?
Can you summarize Old Priory?
What is Brain about?
Who is the author of Brain?
When was Brain published?
What is the genre of Brain?
How many pages does Brain have?
Can you summarize Brain?
What is After Man about?
Who is the author of After Man?
When was After Man published?
What is the genre of After Man?
How many pages does After Man have?
Can you summarize After Man?
What is Tales from the nightside about?
Who is the author of Tales from the nightside?
When was Tales from the nightside published?
What is the genre of Tales from the nightside?
How many pages does Tales from the nightside have?
Can you summarize Tales from the nightside?
What is The ship of widows about?
Who is the author of The ship of widows?
When was The ship of widows published?
What is the genre of The ship of widows?
How many pages does The ship of widows have?
Can you summarize The ship of widows?
What is The divine invasion about?
Who is the author of The divine invasion?
When was The divine invasion published?
What is the genre of The divine invasion?
How many pages does The divine invasion have?
Can you summarize The divine invasion?
What is Antología poética 1923-1977 about?
Who is the author of Antología poética 1923-1977?
When was Antología poética 1923-1977 published?
What is the genre of Antología poética 1923-1977?
How many pages does Antología poética 1923-1977 have?
Can you summarize Antología poética 1923-1977?
What is Imaro about?
Who is the author of Imaro?
When was Imaro published?
What is the genre of Imaro?
How many pages does Imaro have?
Can you summarize Imaro?
What is The Maid of the North about?
Who is the author of The Maid of the North?
When was The Maid of the North published?
What is the genre of The Maid of the North?
How many pages does The Maid of the North have?
Can you summarize The Maid of the North?
What is A soldier's legacy about?
Who is the author of A soldier's legacy?
When was A soldier's legacy published?
What is the genre of A soldier's legacy?
How many pages does A soldier's legacy have?
Can you summarize A soldier's legacy?
What is Summer in Baden-Baden about?
Who is the author of Summer in Baden-Baden?
When was Summer in Baden-Baden published?
What is the genre of Summer in Baden-Baden?
How many pages does Summer in Baden-Baden have?
Can you summarize Summer in Baden-Baden?
What is Too Many Songs by Tom Lehrer about?
Who is the author of Too Many Songs by Tom Lehrer?
When was Too Many Songs by Tom Lehrer published?
What is the genre of Too Many Songs by Tom Lehrer?
How many pages does Too Many Songs by Tom Lehrer have?
Can you summarize Too Many Songs by Tom Lehrer?
What is Good Night, Mr. Tom about?
Who is the author of Good Night, Mr. Tom?
When was Good Night, Mr. Tom published?
What is the genre of Good Night, Mr. Tom?
How many pages does Good Night, Mr. Tom have?
Can you summarize Good Night, Mr. Tom?
What is Women, Race & Class about?
Who is the author of Women, Race & Class?
When was Women, Race & Class published?
What is the genre of Women, Race & Class?
How many pages does Women, Race & Class have?
Can you summarize Women, Race & Class?
What is At the Mountains of Madness about?
Who is the author of At the Mountains of Madness?
When was At the Mountains of Madness published?
What is the genre of At the Mountains of Madness?
How many pages does At the Mountains of Madness have?
Can you summarize At the Mountains of Madness?
What is Life, the universe, and everything about?
Who is the author of Life, the universe, and everything?
When was Life, the universe, and everything published?
What is the genre of Life, the universe, and everything?
How many pages does Life, the universe, and everything have?
Can you summarize Life, the universe, and everything?
What is Shawshank redemption. about?
Who is the author of Shawshank redemption.?
When was Shawshank redemption. published?
What is the genre of Shawshank redemption.?
How many pages does Shawshank redemption. have?
Can you summarize Shawshank redemption.?
What is The BFG about?
Who is the author of The BFG?
When was The BFG published?
What is the genre of The BFG?
How many pages does The BFG have?
Can you summarize The BFG?
What is Schindler's list about?
Who is the author of Schindler's list?
When was Schindler's list published?
What is the genre of Schindler's list?
How many pages does Schindler's list have?
Can you summarize Schindler's list?
What is The house of the spirits about?
Who is the author of The house of the spirits?
When was The house of the spirits published?
What is the genre of The house of the spirits?
How many pages does The house of the spirits have?
Can you summarize The house of the spirits?
What is The Mists of Avalon about?
Who is the author of The Mists of Avalon?
When was The Mists of Avalon published?
What is the genre of The Mists of Avalon?
How many pages does The Mists of Avalon have?
Can you summarize The Mists of Avalon?
What is The Running Man about?
Who is the author of The Running Man?
When was The Running Man published?
What is the genre of The Running Man?
How many pages does The Running Man have?
Can you summarize The Running Man?
What is The Elfstones of Shannara about?
Who is the author of The Elfstones of Shannara?
When was The Elfstones of Shannara published?
What is the genre of The Elfstones of Shannara?
How many pages does The Elfstones of Shannara have?
Can you summarize The Elfstones of Shannara?
What is The Blue Sword about?
Who is the author of The Blue Sword?
When was The Blue Sword published?
What is the genre of The Blue Sword?
How many pages does The Blue Sword have?
Can you summarize The Blue Sword?
What is Foundation's Edge (Foundation Novels) about?
Who is the author of Foundation's Edge (Foundation Novels)?
When was Foundation's Edge (Foundation Novels) published?
What is the genre of Foundation's Edge (Foundation Novels)?
How many pages does Foundation's Edge (Foundation Novels) have?
Can you summarize Foundation's Edge (Foundation Novels)?
What is 2010 about?
Who is the author of 2010?
When was 2010 published?
What is the genre of 2010?
How many pages does 2010 have?
Can you summarize 2010?
What is Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton) about?
Who is the author of Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton)?
When was Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton) published?
What is the genre of Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton)?
How many pages does Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton) have?
Can you summarize Moo, Baa, La La La (Boynton)?
What is Pawn of prophecy about?
Who is the author of Pawn of prophecy?
When was Pawn of prophecy published?
What is the genre of Pawn of prophecy?
How many pages does Pawn of prophecy have?
Can you summarize Pawn of prophecy?
What is The Valley of Horses about?
Who is the author of The Valley of Horses?
When was The Valley of Horses published?
What is the genre of The Valley of Horses?
How many pages does The Valley of Horses have?
Can you summarize The Valley of Horses?
What is Virgin in the Ice (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Virgin in the Ice (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
When was Virgin in the Ice (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Virgin in the Ice (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
How many pages does Virgin in the Ice (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Virgin in the Ice (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
What is A is for Alibi (Kinsey Millhone, #1) about?
Who is the author of A is for Alibi (Kinsey Millhone, #1)?
When was A is for Alibi (Kinsey Millhone, #1) published?
What is the genre of A is for Alibi (Kinsey Millhone, #1)?
How many pages does A is for Alibi (Kinsey Millhone, #1) have?
Can you summarize A is for Alibi (Kinsey Millhone, #1)?
What is North and South (North and South Trilogy Series) about?
Who is the author of North and South (North and South Trilogy Series)?
When was North and South (North and South Trilogy Series) published?
What is the genre of North and South (North and South Trilogy Series)?
How many pages does North and South (North and South Trilogy Series) have?
Can you summarize North and South (North and South Trilogy Series)?
What is Queen of Sorcery (The Belgariad, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Queen of Sorcery (The Belgariad, Book 2)?
When was Queen of Sorcery (The Belgariad, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Queen of Sorcery (The Belgariad, Book 2)?
How many pages does Queen of Sorcery (The Belgariad, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Queen of Sorcery (The Belgariad, Book 2)?
What is The far side about?
Who is the author of The far side?
When was The far side published?
What is the genre of The far side?
How many pages does The far side have?
Can you summarize The far side?
What is Miss Rumphius about?
Who is the author of Miss Rumphius?
When was Miss Rumphius published?
What is the genre of Miss Rumphius?
How many pages does Miss Rumphius have?
Can you summarize Miss Rumphius?
What is The  skull beneath the skin about?
Who is the author of The  skull beneath the skin?
When was The  skull beneath the skin published?
What is the genre of The  skull beneath the skin?
How many pages does The  skull beneath the skin have?
Can you summarize The  skull beneath the skin?
What is The Dark Wind (Jim Chee Novels) about?
Who is the author of The Dark Wind (Jim Chee Novels)?
When was The Dark Wind (Jim Chee Novels) published?
What is the genre of The Dark Wind (Jim Chee Novels)?
How many pages does The Dark Wind (Jim Chee Novels) have?
Can you summarize The Dark Wind (Jim Chee Novels)?
What is Space about?
Who is the author of Space?
When was Space published?
What is the genre of Space?
How many pages does Space have?
Can you summarize Space?
What is Sunne in Splendour about?
Who is the author of Sunne in Splendour?
When was Sunne in Splendour published?
What is the genre of Sunne in Splendour?
How many pages does Sunne in Splendour have?
Can you summarize Sunne in Splendour?
What is The Man From St. Petersburg about?
Who is the author of The Man From St. Petersburg?
When was The Man From St. Petersburg published?
What is the genre of The Man From St. Petersburg?
How many pages does The Man From St. Petersburg have?
Can you summarize The Man From St. Petersburg?
What is The Tao of Pooh about?
Who is the author of The Tao of Pooh?
When was The Tao of Pooh published?
What is the genre of The Tao of Pooh?
How many pages does The Tao of Pooh have?
Can you summarize The Tao of Pooh?
What is Fevre dream about?
Who is the author of Fevre dream?
When was Fevre dream published?
What is the genre of Fevre dream?
How many pages does Fevre dream have?
Can you summarize Fevre dream?
What is The mismeasure of man about?
Who is the author of The mismeasure of man?
When was The mismeasure of man published?
What is the genre of The mismeasure of man?
How many pages does The mismeasure of man have?
Can you summarize The mismeasure of man?
What is The secret diary of Adrian Mole, aged 13 3/4 about?
Who is the author of The secret diary of Adrian Mole, aged 13 3/4?
When was The secret diary of Adrian Mole, aged 13 3/4 published?
What is the genre of The secret diary of Adrian Mole, aged 13 3/4?
How many pages does The secret diary of Adrian Mole, aged 13 3/4 have?
Can you summarize The secret diary of Adrian Mole, aged 13 3/4?
What is Crystal singer about?
Who is the author of Crystal singer?
When was Crystal singer published?
What is the genre of Crystal singer?
How many pages does Crystal singer have?
Can you summarize Crystal singer?
What is Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant about?
Who is the author of Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant?
When was Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant published?
What is the genre of Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant?
How many pages does Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant have?
Can you summarize Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant?
What is Juxtaposition (Apprentice Adept) about?
Who is the author of Juxtaposition (Apprentice Adept)?
When was Juxtaposition (Apprentice Adept) published?
What is the genre of Juxtaposition (Apprentice Adept)?
How many pages does Juxtaposition (Apprentice Adept) have?
Can you summarize Juxtaposition (Apprentice Adept)?
What is Witch Week about?
Who is the author of Witch Week?
When was Witch Week published?
What is the genre of Witch Week?
How many pages does Witch Week have?
Can you summarize Witch Week?
What is Rabbit Is Rich about?
Who is the author of Rabbit Is Rich?
When was Rabbit Is Rich published?
What is the genre of Rabbit Is Rich?
How many pages does Rabbit Is Rich have?
Can you summarize Rabbit Is Rich?
What is An autobiography about?
Who is the author of An autobiography?
When was An autobiography published?
What is the genre of An autobiography?
How many pages does An autobiography have?
Can you summarize An autobiography?
What is Annie on My Mind about?
Who is the author of Annie on My Mind?
When was Annie on My Mind published?
What is the genre of Annie on My Mind?
How many pages does Annie on My Mind have?
Can you summarize Annie on My Mind?
What is Magician about?
Who is the author of Magician?
When was Magician published?
What is the genre of Magician?
How many pages does Magician have?
Can you summarize Magician?
What is The Far side gallery about?
Who is the author of The Far side gallery?
When was The Far side gallery published?
What is the genre of The Far side gallery?
How many pages does The Far side gallery have?
Can you summarize The Far side gallery?
What is Apt Pupil about?
Who is the author of Apt Pupil?
When was Apt Pupil published?
What is the genre of Apt Pupil?
How many pages does Apt Pupil have?
Can you summarize Apt Pupil?
What is HawkMistress! about?
Who is the author of HawkMistress!?
When was HawkMistress! published?
What is the genre of HawkMistress!?
How many pages does HawkMistress! have?
Can you summarize HawkMistress!?
What is Master of the Game about?
Who is the author of Master of the Game?
When was Master of the Game published?
What is the genre of Master of the Game?
How many pages does Master of the Game have?
Can you summarize Master of the Game?
What is Doctor De Soto (A Sunburst Book) about?
Who is the author of Doctor De Soto (A Sunburst Book)?
When was Doctor De Soto (A Sunburst Book) published?
What is the genre of Doctor De Soto (A Sunburst Book)?
How many pages does Doctor De Soto (A Sunburst Book) have?
Can you summarize Doctor De Soto (A Sunburst Book)?
What is A Chair for My Mother 25th Anniversary Edition about?
Who is the author of A Chair for My Mother 25th Anniversary Edition?
When was A Chair for My Mother 25th Anniversary Edition published?
What is the genre of A Chair for My Mother 25th Anniversary Edition?
How many pages does A Chair for My Mother 25th Anniversary Edition have?
Can you summarize A Chair for My Mother 25th Anniversary Edition?
What is Pacific Vortex! about?
Who is the author of Pacific Vortex!?
When was Pacific Vortex! published?
What is the genre of Pacific Vortex!?
How many pages does Pacific Vortex! have?
Can you summarize Pacific Vortex!?
What is Light Thickens (A Roderick Alleyn Mystery) about?
Who is the author of Light Thickens (A Roderick Alleyn Mystery)?
When was Light Thickens (A Roderick Alleyn Mystery) published?
What is the genre of Light Thickens (A Roderick Alleyn Mystery)?
How many pages does Light Thickens (A Roderick Alleyn Mystery) have?
Can you summarize Light Thickens (A Roderick Alleyn Mystery)?
What is Cry to Heaven about?
Who is the author of Cry to Heaven?
When was Cry to Heaven published?
What is the genre of Cry to Heaven?
How many pages does Cry to Heaven have?
Can you summarize Cry to Heaven?
What is Memory of fire about?
Who is the author of Memory of fire?
When was Memory of fire published?
What is the genre of Memory of fire?
How many pages does Memory of fire have?
Can you summarize Memory of fire?
What is Monsignor Quixote about?
Who is the author of Monsignor Quixote?
When was Monsignor Quixote published?
What is the genre of Monsignor Quixote?
How many pages does Monsignor Quixote have?
Can you summarize Monsignor Quixote?
What is Creepshow (Plume) about?
Who is the author of Creepshow (Plume)?
When was Creepshow (Plume) published?
What is the genre of Creepshow (Plume)?
How many pages does Creepshow (Plume) have?
Can you summarize Creepshow (Plume)?
What is The Shadow riders about?
Who is the author of The Shadow riders?
When was The Shadow riders published?
What is the genre of The Shadow riders?
How many pages does The Shadow riders have?
Can you summarize The Shadow riders?
What is Sword of Lictor about?
Who is the author of Sword of Lictor?
When was Sword of Lictor published?
What is the genre of Sword of Lictor?
How many pages does Sword of Lictor have?
Can you summarize Sword of Lictor?
What is Magician about?
Who is the author of Magician?
When was Magician published?
What is the genre of Magician?
How many pages does Magician have?
Can you summarize Magician?
What is Deadeye Dick about?
Who is the author of Deadeye Dick?
When was Deadeye Dick published?
What is the genre of Deadeye Dick?
How many pages does Deadeye Dick have?
Can you summarize Deadeye Dick?
What is Dictee about?
Who is the author of Dictee?
When was Dictee published?
What is the genre of Dictee?
How many pages does Dictee have?
Can you summarize Dictee?
What is The dean's December about?
Who is the author of The dean's December?
When was The dean's December published?
What is the genre of The dean's December?
How many pages does The dean's December have?
Can you summarize The dean's December?
What is The Real Thing about?
Who is the author of The Real Thing?
When was The Real Thing published?
What is the genre of The Real Thing?
How many pages does The Real Thing have?
Can you summarize The Real Thing?
What is The true deceiver about?
Who is the author of The true deceiver?
When was The true deceiver published?
What is the genre of The true deceiver?
How many pages does The true deceiver have?
Can you summarize The true deceiver?
What is Inside Nazi Germany about?
Who is the author of Inside Nazi Germany?
When was Inside Nazi Germany published?
What is the genre of Inside Nazi Germany?
How many pages does Inside Nazi Germany have?
Can you summarize Inside Nazi Germany?
What is The Wrath of Khan (Star Trek) about?
Who is the author of The Wrath of Khan (Star Trek)?
When was The Wrath of Khan (Star Trek) published?
What is the genre of The Wrath of Khan (Star Trek)?
How many pages does The Wrath of Khan (Star Trek) have?
Can you summarize The Wrath of Khan (Star Trek)?
What is Indemnity Only (V.I. Warshawski Novels) about?
Who is the author of Indemnity Only (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
When was Indemnity Only (V.I. Warshawski Novels) published?
What is the genre of Indemnity Only (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
How many pages does Indemnity Only (V.I. Warshawski Novels) have?
Can you summarize Indemnity Only (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
What is Rumpole for the Defense about?
Who is the author of Rumpole for the Defense?
When was Rumpole for the Defense published?
What is the genre of Rumpole for the Defense?
How many pages does Rumpole for the Defense have?
Can you summarize Rumpole for the Defense?
What is Miss Nelson Is Back about?
Who is the author of Miss Nelson Is Back?
When was Miss Nelson Is Back published?
What is the genre of Miss Nelson Is Back?
How many pages does Miss Nelson Is Back have?
Can you summarize Miss Nelson Is Back?
What is Wrack and rune about?
Who is the author of Wrack and rune?
When was Wrack and rune published?
What is the genre of Wrack and rune?
How many pages does Wrack and rune have?
Can you summarize Wrack and rune?
What is Cat Chaser about?
Who is the author of Cat Chaser?
When was Cat Chaser published?
What is the genre of Cat Chaser?
How many pages does Cat Chaser have?
Can you summarize Cat Chaser?
What is Banker about?
Who is the author of Banker?
When was Banker published?
What is the genre of Banker?
How many pages does Banker have?
Can you summarize Banker?
What is The Cooking School Murders about?
Who is the author of The Cooking School Murders?
When was The Cooking School Murders published?
What is the genre of The Cooking School Murders?
How many pages does The Cooking School Murders have?
Can you summarize The Cooking School Murders?
What is Revolting Rhymes about?
Who is the author of Revolting Rhymes?
When was Revolting Rhymes published?
What is the genre of Revolting Rhymes?
How many pages does Revolting Rhymes have?
Can you summarize Revolting Rhymes?
What is Murder in the Supreme Court about?
Who is the author of Murder in the Supreme Court?
When was Murder in the Supreme Court published?
What is the genre of Murder in the Supreme Court?
How many pages does Murder in the Supreme Court have?
Can you summarize Murder in the Supreme Court?
What is The Copenhagen Connection about?
Who is the author of The Copenhagen Connection?
When was The Copenhagen Connection published?
What is the genre of The Copenhagen Connection?
How many pages does The Copenhagen Connection have?
Can you summarize The Copenhagen Connection?
What is The Going-To-Bed Book about?
Who is the author of The Going-To-Bed Book?
When was The Going-To-Bed Book published?
What is the genre of The Going-To-Bed Book?
How many pages does The Going-To-Bed Book have?
Can you summarize The Going-To-Bed Book?
What is Shah of Shahs about?
Who is the author of Shah of Shahs?
When was Shah of Shahs published?
What is the genre of Shah of Shahs?
How many pages does Shah of Shahs have?
Can you summarize Shah of Shahs?
What is Jamberry about?
Who is the author of Jamberry?
When was Jamberry published?
What is the genre of Jamberry?
How many pages does Jamberry have?
Can you summarize Jamberry?
What is Druid of Shannara, the (Heritage of Shannara) about?
Who is the author of Druid of Shannara, the (Heritage of Shannara)?
When was Druid of Shannara, the (Heritage of Shannara) published?
What is the genre of Druid of Shannara, the (Heritage of Shannara)?
How many pages does Druid of Shannara, the (Heritage of Shannara) have?
Can you summarize Druid of Shannara, the (Heritage of Shannara)?
What is The Old Fox Deceiv'd about?
Who is the author of The Old Fox Deceiv'd?
When was The Old Fox Deceiv'd published?
What is the genre of The Old Fox Deceiv'd?
How many pages does The Old Fox Deceiv'd have?
Can you summarize The Old Fox Deceiv'd?
What is Ride the Wind about?
Who is the author of Ride the Wind?
When was Ride the Wind published?
What is the genre of Ride the Wind?
How many pages does Ride the Wind have?
Can you summarize Ride the Wind?
What is Helliconia Spring about?
Who is the author of Helliconia Spring?
When was Helliconia Spring published?
What is the genre of Helliconia Spring?
How many pages does Helliconia Spring have?
Can you summarize Helliconia Spring?
What is Women of Sand and Myrrh about?
Who is the author of Women of Sand and Myrrh?
When was Women of Sand and Myrrh published?
What is the genre of Women of Sand and Myrrh?
How many pages does Women of Sand and Myrrh have?
Can you summarize Women of Sand and Myrrh?
What is Wittgenstein's nephew about?
Who is the author of Wittgenstein's nephew?
When was Wittgenstein's nephew published?
What is the genre of Wittgenstein's nephew?
How many pages does Wittgenstein's nephew have?
Can you summarize Wittgenstein's nephew?
What is Noises off about?
Who is the author of Noises off?
When was Noises off published?
What is the genre of Noises off?
How many pages does Noises off have?
Can you summarize Noises off?
What is The Post-Office Girl about?
Who is the author of The Post-Office Girl?
When was The Post-Office Girl published?
What is the genre of The Post-Office Girl?
How many pages does The Post-Office Girl have?
Can you summarize The Post-Office Girl?
What is The Obscene Madame D about?
Who is the author of The Obscene Madame D?
When was The Obscene Madame D published?
What is the genre of The Obscene Madame D?
How many pages does The Obscene Madame D have?
Can you summarize The Obscene Madame D?
What is Slavery and Social Death about?
Who is the author of Slavery and Social Death?
When was Slavery and Social Death published?
What is the genre of Slavery and Social Death?
How many pages does Slavery and Social Death have?
Can you summarize Slavery and Social Death?
What is The Read-Aloud Handbook about?
Who is the author of The Read-Aloud Handbook?
When was The Read-Aloud Handbook published?
What is the genre of The Read-Aloud Handbook?
How many pages does The Read-Aloud Handbook have?
Can you summarize The Read-Aloud Handbook?
What is Magic Flutes about?
Who is the author of Magic Flutes?
When was Magic Flutes published?
What is the genre of Magic Flutes?
How many pages does Magic Flutes have?
Can you summarize Magic Flutes?
What is But Not the Hippopotamus about?
Who is the author of But Not the Hippopotamus?
When was But Not the Hippopotamus published?
What is the genre of But Not the Hippopotamus?
How many pages does But Not the Hippopotamus have?
Can you summarize But Not the Hippopotamus?
What is Virginia Woolf about?
Who is the author of Virginia Woolf?
When was Virginia Woolf published?
What is the genre of Virginia Woolf?
How many pages does Virginia Woolf have?
Can you summarize Virginia Woolf?
What is Sayonara, Gangsters about?
Who is the author of Sayonara, Gangsters?
When was Sayonara, Gangsters published?
What is the genre of Sayonara, Gangsters?
How many pages does Sayonara, Gangsters have?
Can you summarize Sayonara, Gangsters?
What is King hereafter about?
Who is the author of King hereafter?
When was King hereafter published?
What is the genre of King hereafter?
How many pages does King hereafter have?
Can you summarize King hereafter?
What is Six Feet Under (Inspector Thanet) about?
Who is the author of Six Feet Under (Inspector Thanet)?
When was Six Feet Under (Inspector Thanet) published?
What is the genre of Six Feet Under (Inspector Thanet)?
How many pages does Six Feet Under (Inspector Thanet) have?
Can you summarize Six Feet Under (Inspector Thanet)?
What is Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Babe Ruth Baseball about?
Who is the author of Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Babe Ruth Baseball?
When was Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Babe Ruth Baseball published?
What is the genre of Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Babe Ruth Baseball?
How many pages does Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Babe Ruth Baseball have?
Can you summarize Cam Jansen and the Mystery of the Babe Ruth Baseball?
What is The color of magic about?
Who is the author of The color of magic?
When was The color of magic published?
What is the genre of The color of magic?
How many pages does The color of magic have?
Can you summarize The color of magic?
What is Pet Sematary about?
Who is the author of Pet Sematary?
When was Pet Sematary published?
What is the genre of Pet Sematary?
How many pages does Pet Sematary have?
Can you summarize Pet Sematary?
What is Christine about?
Who is the author of Christine?
When was Christine published?
What is the genre of Christine?
How many pages does Christine have?
Can you summarize Christine?
What is The Witches about?
Who is the author of The Witches?
When was The Witches published?
What is the genre of The Witches?
How many pages does The Witches have?
Can you summarize The Witches?
What is Alanna: The First Adventure about?
Who is the author of Alanna: The First Adventure?
When was Alanna: The First Adventure published?
What is the genre of Alanna: The First Adventure?
How many pages does Alanna: The First Adventure have?
Can you summarize Alanna: The First Adventure?
What is The Mists of Avalon about?
Who is the author of The Mists of Avalon?
When was The Mists of Avalon published?
What is the genre of The Mists of Avalon?
How many pages does The Mists of Avalon have?
Can you summarize The Mists of Avalon?
What is Winter's Tale about?
Who is the author of Winter's Tale?
When was Winter's Tale published?
What is the genre of Winter's Tale?
How many pages does Winter's Tale have?
Can you summarize Winter's Tale?
What is Gorillas in the Mist about?
Who is the author of Gorillas in the Mist?
When was Gorillas in the Mist published?
What is the genre of Gorillas in the Mist?
How many pages does Gorillas in the Mist have?
Can you summarize Gorillas in the Mist?
What is So you want to be a wizard about?
Who is the author of So you want to be a wizard?
When was So you want to be a wizard published?
What is the genre of So you want to be a wizard?
How many pages does So you want to be a wizard have?
Can you summarize So you want to be a wizard?
What is The Robots of Dawn about?
Who is the author of The Robots of Dawn?
When was The Robots of Dawn published?
What is the genre of The Robots of Dawn?
How many pages does The Robots of Dawn have?
Can you summarize The Robots of Dawn?
What is Poland about?
Who is the author of Poland?
When was Poland published?
What is the genre of Poland?
How many pages does Poland have?
Can you summarize Poland?
What is Cycle of the Werewolf about?
Who is the author of Cycle of the Werewolf?
When was Cycle of the Werewolf published?
What is the genre of Cycle of the Werewolf?
How many pages does Cycle of the Werewolf have?
Can you summarize Cycle of the Werewolf?
What is On a Pale Horse about?
Who is the author of On a Pale Horse?
When was On a Pale Horse published?
What is the genre of On a Pale Horse?
How many pages does On a Pale Horse have?
Can you summarize On a Pale Horse?
What is Tea With the Black Dragon about?
Who is the author of Tea With the Black Dragon?
When was Tea With the Black Dragon published?
What is the genre of Tea With the Black Dragon?
How many pages does Tea With the Black Dragon have?
Can you summarize Tea With the Black Dragon?
What is The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4. about?
Who is the author of The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4.?
When was The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4. published?
What is the genre of The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4.?
How many pages does The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4. have?
Can you summarize The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4.?
What is Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern about?
Who is the author of Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern?
When was Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern published?
What is the genre of Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern?
How many pages does Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern have?
Can you summarize Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern?
What is The Celery Stalks at Midnight about?
Who is the author of The Celery Stalks at Midnight?
When was The Celery Stalks at Midnight published?
What is the genre of The Celery Stalks at Midnight?
How many pages does The Celery Stalks at Midnight have?
Can you summarize The Celery Stalks at Midnight?
What is Startide Rising (The Uplift Saga, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Startide Rising (The Uplift Saga, Book 2)?
When was Startide Rising (The Uplift Saga, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Startide Rising (The Uplift Saga, Book 2)?
How many pages does Startide Rising (The Uplift Saga, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Startide Rising (The Uplift Saga, Book 2)?
What is The Book of Lost Tales 1(The History of Middle-Earth, Vol. 1) about?
Who is the author of The Book of Lost Tales 1(The History of Middle-Earth, Vol. 1)?
When was The Book of Lost Tales 1(The History of Middle-Earth, Vol. 1) published?
What is the genre of The Book of Lost Tales 1(The History of Middle-Earth, Vol. 1)?
How many pages does The Book of Lost Tales 1(The History of Middle-Earth, Vol. 1) have?
Can you summarize The Book of Lost Tales 1(The History of Middle-Earth, Vol. 1)?
What is The Piano Teacher about?
Who is the author of The Piano Teacher?
When was The Piano Teacher published?
What is the genre of The Piano Teacher?
How many pages does The Piano Teacher have?
Can you summarize The Piano Teacher?
What is The Anodyne Necklace about?
Who is the author of The Anodyne Necklace?
When was The Anodyne Necklace published?
What is the genre of The Anodyne Necklace?
How many pages does The Anodyne Necklace have?
Can you summarize The Anodyne Necklace?
What is The Anubis Gates about?
Who is the author of The Anubis Gates?
When was The Anubis Gates published?
What is the genre of The Anubis Gates?
How many pages does The Anubis Gates have?
Can you summarize The Anubis Gates?
What is Ironweed about?
Who is the author of Ironweed?
When was Ironweed published?
What is the genre of Ironweed?
How many pages does Ironweed have?
Can you summarize Ironweed?
What is Phantoms about?
Who is the author of Phantoms?
When was Phantoms published?
What is the genre of Phantoms?
How many pages does Phantoms have?
Can you summarize Phantoms?
What is The Riddle of the Third Mile (Inspector Morse Mysteries) (Inspector Morse Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of The Riddle of the Third Mile (Inspector Morse Mysteries) (Inspector Morse Mysteries)?
When was The Riddle of the Third Mile (Inspector Morse Mysteries) (Inspector Morse Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of The Riddle of the Third Mile (Inspector Morse Mysteries) (Inspector Morse Mysteries)?
How many pages does The Riddle of the Third Mile (Inspector Morse Mysteries) (Inspector Morse Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize The Riddle of the Third Mile (Inspector Morse Mysteries) (Inspector Morse Mysteries)?
What is 'Night, mother about?
Who is the author of 'Night, mother?
When was 'Night, mother published?
What is the genre of 'Night, mother?
How many pages does 'Night, mother have?
Can you summarize 'Night, mother?
What is The Little Drummer Girl about?
Who is the author of The Little Drummer Girl?
When was The Little Drummer Girl published?
What is the genre of The Little Drummer Girl?
How many pages does The Little Drummer Girl have?
Can you summarize The Little Drummer Girl?
What is Speaker of Mandarin about?
Who is the author of Speaker of Mandarin?
When was Speaker of Mandarin published?
What is the genre of Speaker of Mandarin?
How many pages does Speaker of Mandarin have?
Can you summarize Speaker of Mandarin?
What is Magician's Gambit (The Belgariad, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Magician's Gambit (The Belgariad, Book 3)?
When was Magician's Gambit (The Belgariad, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Magician's Gambit (The Belgariad, Book 3)?
How many pages does Magician's Gambit (The Belgariad, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Magician's Gambit (The Belgariad, Book 3)?
What is Ancient Evenings about?
Who is the author of Ancient Evenings?
When was Ancient Evenings published?
What is the genre of Ancient Evenings?
How many pages does Ancient Evenings have?
Can you summarize Ancient Evenings?
What is Possum Magic (Voyager Books) about?
Who is the author of Possum Magic (Voyager Books)?
When was Possum Magic (Voyager Books) published?
What is the genre of Possum Magic (Voyager Books)?
How many pages does Possum Magic (Voyager Books) have?
Can you summarize Possum Magic (Voyager Books)?
What is Dragonseye about?
Who is the author of Dragonseye?
When was Dragonseye published?
What is the genre of Dragonseye?
How many pages does Dragonseye have?
Can you summarize Dragonseye?
What is The Devil's Novice about?
Who is the author of The Devil's Novice?
When was The Devil's Novice published?
What is the genre of The Devil's Novice?
How many pages does The Devil's Novice have?
Can you summarize The Devil's Novice?
What is The Queen's gambit about?
Who is the author of The Queen's gambit?
When was The Queen's gambit published?
What is the genre of The Queen's gambit?
How many pages does The Queen's gambit have?
Can you summarize The Queen's gambit?
What is The secret staircase about?
Who is the author of The secret staircase?
When was The secret staircase published?
What is the genre of The secret staircase?
How many pages does The secret staircase have?
Can you summarize The secret staircase?
What is The anatomy lesson about?
Who is the author of The anatomy lesson?
When was The anatomy lesson published?
What is the genre of The anatomy lesson?
How many pages does The anatomy lesson have?
Can you summarize The anatomy lesson?
What is Outrageous acts and everyday rebellions about?
Who is the author of Outrageous acts and everyday rebellions?
When was Outrageous acts and everyday rebellions published?
What is the genre of Outrageous acts and everyday rebellions?
How many pages does Outrageous acts and everyday rebellions have?
Can you summarize Outrageous acts and everyday rebellions?
What is How to suppress women's writing about?
Who is the author of How to suppress women's writing?
When was How to suppress women's writing published?
What is the genre of How to suppress women's writing?
How many pages does How to suppress women's writing have?
Can you summarize How to suppress women's writing?
What is Gould Hen'S Teeth and Horse'S Toes about?
Who is the author of Gould Hen'S Teeth and Horse'S Toes?
When was Gould Hen'S Teeth and Horse'S Toes published?
What is the genre of Gould Hen'S Teeth and Horse'S Toes?
How many pages does Gould Hen'S Teeth and Horse'S Toes have?
Can you summarize Gould Hen'S Teeth and Horse'S Toes?
What is The woman in black about?
Who is the author of The woman in black?
When was The woman in black published?
What is the genre of The woman in black?
How many pages does The woman in black have?
Can you summarize The woman in black?
What is Thendara House about?
Who is the author of Thendara House?
When was Thendara House published?
What is the genre of Thendara House?
How many pages does Thendara House have?
Can you summarize Thendara House?
What is The citadel of the autarch about?
Who is the author of The citadel of the autarch?
When was The citadel of the autarch published?
What is the genre of The citadel of the autarch?
How many pages does The citadel of the autarch have?
Can you summarize The citadel of the autarch?
What is Jhereg. about?
Who is the author of Jhereg.?
When was Jhereg. published?
What is the genre of Jhereg.?
How many pages does Jhereg. have?
Can you summarize Jhereg.?
What is Cassandra about?
Who is the author of Cassandra?
When was Cassandra published?
What is the genre of Cassandra?
How many pages does Cassandra have?
Can you summarize Cassandra?
What is Garfield Eats His Heart Out (Garfield (Numbered Paperback)) about?
Who is the author of Garfield Eats His Heart Out (Garfield (Numbered Paperback))?
When was Garfield Eats His Heart Out (Garfield (Numbered Paperback)) published?
What is the genre of Garfield Eats His Heart Out (Garfield (Numbered Paperback))?
How many pages does Garfield Eats His Heart Out (Garfield (Numbered Paperback)) have?
Can you summarize Garfield Eats His Heart Out (Garfield (Numbered Paperback))?
What is Garfield Sits Around the House about?
Who is the author of Garfield Sits Around the House?
When was Garfield Sits Around the House published?
What is the genre of Garfield Sits Around the House?
How many pages does Garfield Sits Around the House have?
Can you summarize Garfield Sits Around the House?
What is Rutland Place about?
Who is the author of Rutland Place?
When was Rutland Place published?
What is the genre of Rutland Place?
How many pages does Rutland Place have?
Can you summarize Rutland Place?
What is Double Love about?
Who is the author of Double Love?
When was Double Love published?
What is the genre of Double Love?
How many pages does Double Love have?
Can you summarize Double Love?
What is King's Blood Four (True Game, Bk. 1) about?
Who is the author of King's Blood Four (True Game, Bk. 1)?
When was King's Blood Four (True Game, Bk. 1) published?
What is the genre of King's Blood Four (True Game, Bk. 1)?
How many pages does King's Blood Four (True Game, Bk. 1) have?
Can you summarize King's Blood Four (True Game, Bk. 1)?
What is Postscript to The name of the rose about?
Who is the author of Postscript to The name of the rose?
When was Postscript to The name of the rose published?
What is the genre of Postscript to The name of the rose?
How many pages does Postscript to The name of the rose have?
Can you summarize Postscript to The name of the rose?
What is The Dark Place (Prime Crime Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of The Dark Place (Prime Crime Mysteries)?
When was The Dark Place (Prime Crime Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of The Dark Place (Prime Crime Mysteries)?
How many pages does The Dark Place (Prime Crime Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize The Dark Place (Prime Crime Mysteries)?
What is Frida about?
Who is the author of Frida?
When was Frida published?
What is the genre of Frida?
How many pages does Frida have?
Can you summarize Frida?
What is Mrs. Pollifax on the China station about?
Who is the author of Mrs. Pollifax on the China station?
When was Mrs. Pollifax on the China station published?
What is the genre of Mrs. Pollifax on the China station?
How many pages does Mrs. Pollifax on the China station have?
Can you summarize Mrs. Pollifax on the China station?
What is The danger about?
Who is the author of The danger?
When was The danger published?
What is the genre of The danger?
How many pages does The danger have?
Can you summarize The danger?
What is A Christmas story about?
Who is the author of A Christmas story?
When was A Christmas story published?
What is the genre of A Christmas story?
How many pages does A Christmas story have?
Can you summarize A Christmas story?
What is War's unwomanly face about?
Who is the author of War's unwomanly face?
When was War's unwomanly face published?
What is the genre of War's unwomanly face?
How many pages does War's unwomanly face have?
Can you summarize War's unwomanly face?
What is People of the Lie about?
Who is the author of People of the Lie?
When was People of the Lie published?
What is the genre of People of the Lie?
How many pages does People of the Lie have?
Can you summarize People of the Lie?
What is Bloom County about?
Who is the author of Bloom County?
When was Bloom County published?
What is the genre of Bloom County?
How many pages does Bloom County have?
Can you summarize Bloom County?
What is Uncommon Women and Others. about?
Who is the author of Uncommon Women and Others.?
When was Uncommon Women and Others. published?
What is the genre of Uncommon Women and Others.?
How many pages does Uncommon Women and Others. have?
Can you summarize Uncommon Women and Others.?
What is Something the cat dragged in about?
Who is the author of Something the cat dragged in?
When was Something the cat dragged in published?
What is the genre of Something the cat dragged in?
How many pages does Something the cat dragged in have?
Can you summarize Something the cat dragged in?
What is In the Freud archives about?
Who is the author of In the Freud archives?
When was In the Freud archives published?
What is the genre of In the Freud archives?
How many pages does In the Freud archives have?
Can you summarize In the Freud archives?
What is Someday Angeline about?
Who is the author of Someday Angeline?
When was Someday Angeline published?
What is the genre of Someday Angeline?
How many pages does Someday Angeline have?
Can you summarize Someday Angeline?
What is The Loser about?
Who is the author of The Loser?
When was The Loser published?
What is the genre of The Loser?
How many pages does The Loser have?
Can you summarize The Loser?
What is Battle Prize about?
Who is the author of Battle Prize?
When was Battle Prize published?
What is the genre of Battle Prize?
How many pages does Battle Prize have?
Can you summarize Battle Prize?
What is Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony about?
Who is the author of Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony?
When was Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony published?
What is the genre of Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony?
How many pages does Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony have?
Can you summarize Late Night Thoughts on Listening to Mahler's Ninth Symphony?
What is Affair of Honor about?
Who is the author of Affair of Honor?
When was Affair of Honor published?
What is the genre of Affair of Honor?
How many pages does Affair of Honor have?
Can you summarize Affair of Honor?
What is Rumpole and the golden thread about?
Who is the author of Rumpole and the golden thread?
When was Rumpole and the golden thread published?
What is the genre of Rumpole and the golden thread?
How many pages does Rumpole and the golden thread have?
Can you summarize Rumpole and the golden thread?
What is Jack on the gallows tree about?
Who is the author of Jack on the gallows tree?
When was Jack on the gallows tree published?
What is the genre of Jack on the gallows tree?
How many pages does Jack on the gallows tree have?
Can you summarize Jack on the gallows tree?
What is The casualty about?
Who is the author of The casualty?
When was The casualty published?
What is the genre of The casualty?
How many pages does The casualty have?
Can you summarize The casualty?
What is Neveryóna about?
Who is the author of Neveryóna?
When was Neveryóna published?
What is the genre of Neveryóna?
How many pages does Neveryóna have?
Can you summarize Neveryóna?
What is Superluminal. about?
Who is the author of Superluminal.?
When was Superluminal. published?
What is the genre of Superluminal.?
How many pages does Superluminal. have?
Can you summarize Superluminal.?
What is The Christmas oratorio about?
Who is the author of The Christmas oratorio?
When was The Christmas oratorio published?
What is the genre of The Christmas oratorio?
How many pages does The Christmas oratorio have?
Can you summarize The Christmas oratorio?
What is Silent House about?
Who is the author of Silent House?
When was Silent House published?
What is the genre of Silent House?
How many pages does Silent House have?
Can you summarize Silent House?
What is Little Red Riding Hood about?
Who is the author of Little Red Riding Hood?
When was Little Red Riding Hood published?
What is the genre of Little Red Riding Hood?
How many pages does Little Red Riding Hood have?
Can you summarize Little Red Riding Hood?
What is Bilbao Looking Glass (Sarah Kelling and Max Bittersohn Mysteries about?
Who is the author of Bilbao Looking Glass (Sarah Kelling and Max Bittersohn Mysteries?
When was Bilbao Looking Glass (Sarah Kelling and Max Bittersohn Mysteries published?
What is the genre of Bilbao Looking Glass (Sarah Kelling and Max Bittersohn Mysteries?
How many pages does Bilbao Looking Glass (Sarah Kelling and Max Bittersohn Mysteries have?
Can you summarize Bilbao Looking Glass (Sarah Kelling and Max Bittersohn Mysteries?
What is The Zanzibar cat about?
Who is the author of The Zanzibar cat?
When was The Zanzibar cat published?
What is the genre of The Zanzibar cat?
How many pages does The Zanzibar cat have?
Can you summarize The Zanzibar cat?
What is Leaf storm and other stories about?
Who is the author of Leaf storm and other stories?
When was Leaf storm and other stories published?
What is the genre of Leaf storm and other stories?
How many pages does Leaf storm and other stories have?
Can you summarize Leaf storm and other stories?
What is Hummingbird about?
Who is the author of Hummingbird?
When was Hummingbird published?
What is the genre of Hummingbird?
How many pages does Hummingbird have?
Can you summarize Hummingbird?
What is The Night Battles about?
Who is the author of The Night Battles?
When was The Night Battles published?
What is the genre of The Night Battles?
How many pages does The Night Battles have?
Can you summarize The Night Battles?
What is Helliconia Summer about?
Who is the author of Helliconia Summer?
When was Helliconia Summer published?
What is the genre of Helliconia Summer?
How many pages does Helliconia Summer have?
Can you summarize Helliconia Summer?
What is The Baked Bean Supper Murders about?
Who is the author of The Baked Bean Supper Murders?
When was The Baked Bean Supper Murders published?
What is the genre of The Baked Bean Supper Murders?
How many pages does The Baked Bean Supper Murders have?
Can you summarize The Baked Bean Supper Murders?
What is Captive of Fate (Men at Work: Men in Uniform #24) about?
Who is the author of Captive of Fate (Men at Work: Men in Uniform #24)?
When was Captive of Fate (Men at Work: Men in Uniform #24) published?
What is the genre of Captive of Fate (Men at Work: Men in Uniform #24)?
How many pages does Captive of Fate (Men at Work: Men in Uniform #24) have?
Can you summarize Captive of Fate (Men at Work: Men in Uniform #24)?
What is Anno's Flea Market about?
Who is the author of Anno's Flea Market?
When was Anno's Flea Market published?
What is the genre of Anno's Flea Market?
How many pages does Anno's Flea Market have?
Can you summarize Anno's Flea Market?
What is The rose without a thorn about?
Who is the author of The rose without a thorn?
When was The rose without a thorn published?
What is the genre of The rose without a thorn?
How many pages does The rose without a thorn have?
Can you summarize The rose without a thorn?
What is Hundred-dollar baby about?
Who is the author of Hundred-dollar baby?
When was Hundred-dollar baby published?
What is the genre of Hundred-dollar baby?
How many pages does Hundred-dollar baby have?
Can you summarize Hundred-dollar baby?
What is For reading out loud! about?
Who is the author of For reading out loud!?
When was For reading out loud! published?
What is the genre of For reading out loud!?
How many pages does For reading out loud! have?
Can you summarize For reading out loud!?
What is Fair Friday about?
Who is the author of Fair Friday?
When was Fair Friday published?
What is the genre of Fair Friday?
How many pages does Fair Friday have?
Can you summarize Fair Friday?
What is Ride the River about?
Who is the author of Ride the River?
When was Ride the River published?
What is the genre of Ride the River?
How many pages does Ride the River have?
Can you summarize Ride the River?
What is Necromancer Nine about?
Who is the author of Necromancer Nine?
When was Necromancer Nine published?
What is the genre of Necromancer Nine?
How many pages does Necromancer Nine have?
Can you summarize Necromancer Nine?
What is Sweet Valley High #02 about?
Who is the author of Sweet Valley High #02?
When was Sweet Valley High #02 published?
What is the genre of Sweet Valley High #02?
How many pages does Sweet Valley High #02 have?
Can you summarize Sweet Valley High #02?
What is Angelina ballerina about?
Who is the author of Angelina ballerina?
When was Angelina ballerina published?
What is the genre of Angelina ballerina?
How many pages does Angelina ballerina have?
Can you summarize Angelina ballerina?
What is Red as Blood about?
Who is the author of Red as Blood?
When was Red as Blood published?
What is the genre of Red as Blood?
How many pages does Red as Blood have?
Can you summarize Red as Blood?
What is Murder in the Smithsonian about?
Who is the author of Murder in the Smithsonian?
When was Murder in the Smithsonian published?
What is the genre of Murder in the Smithsonian?
How many pages does Murder in the Smithsonian have?
Can you summarize Murder in the Smithsonian?
What is The Art of Fiction about?
Who is the author of The Art of Fiction?
When was The Art of Fiction published?
What is the genre of The Art of Fiction?
How many pages does The Art of Fiction have?
Can you summarize The Art of Fiction?
What is So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish about?
Who is the author of So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish?
When was So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish published?
What is the genre of So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish?
How many pages does So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish have?
Can you summarize So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish?
What is The Unbearable Lightness of Being about?
Who is the author of The Unbearable Lightness of Being?
When was The Unbearable Lightness of Being published?
What is the genre of The Unbearable Lightness of Being?
How many pages does The Unbearable Lightness of Being have?
Can you summarize The Unbearable Lightness of Being?
What is The Hunt for Red October (Special 15th Anniversary Edition) about?
Who is the author of The Hunt for Red October (Special 15th Anniversary Edition)?
When was The Hunt for Red October (Special 15th Anniversary Edition) published?
What is the genre of The Hunt for Red October (Special 15th Anniversary Edition)?
How many pages does The Hunt for Red October (Special 15th Anniversary Edition) have?
Can you summarize The Hunt for Red October (Special 15th Anniversary Edition)?
What is The Talisman about?
Who is the author of The Talisman?
When was The Talisman published?
What is the genre of The Talisman?
How many pages does The Talisman have?
Can you summarize The Talisman?
What is In the Hand of the Goddess (Song of the Lioness) about?
Who is the author of In the Hand of the Goddess (Song of the Lioness)?
When was In the Hand of the Goddess (Song of the Lioness) published?
What is the genre of In the Hand of the Goddess (Song of the Lioness)?
How many pages does In the Hand of the Goddess (Song of the Lioness) have?
Can you summarize In the Hand of the Goddess (Song of the Lioness)?
What is Empire of the Sun about?
Who is the author of Empire of the Sun?
When was Empire of the Sun published?
What is the genre of Empire of the Sun?
How many pages does Empire of the Sun have?
Can you summarize Empire of the Sun?
What is The House on Mango Street about?
Who is the author of The House on Mango Street?
When was The House on Mango Street published?
What is the genre of The House on Mango Street?
How many pages does The House on Mango Street have?
Can you summarize The House on Mango Street?
What is Thinner about?
Who is the author of Thinner?
When was Thinner published?
What is the genre of Thinner?
How many pages does Thinner have?
Can you summarize Thinner?
What is The wasp factory about?
Who is the author of The wasp factory?
When was The wasp factory published?
What is the genre of The wasp factory?
How many pages does The wasp factory have?
Can you summarize The wasp factory?
What is The Far side gallery about?
Who is the author of The Far side gallery?
When was The Far side gallery published?
What is the genre of The Far side gallery?
How many pages does The Far side gallery have?
Can you summarize The Far side gallery?
What is Flaubert's parrot about?
Who is the author of Flaubert's parrot?
When was Flaubert's parrot published?
What is the genre of Flaubert's parrot?
How many pages does Flaubert's parrot have?
Can you summarize Flaubert's parrot?
What is Love Medicine about?
Who is the author of Love Medicine?
When was Love Medicine published?
What is the genre of Love Medicine?
How many pages does Love Medicine have?
Can you summarize Love Medicine?
What is Proof about?
Who is the author of Proof?
When was Proof published?
What is the genre of Proof?
How many pages does Proof have?
Can you summarize Proof?
What is The witches of Eastwick about?
Who is the author of The witches of Eastwick?
When was The witches of Eastwick published?
What is the genre of The witches of Eastwick?
How many pages does The witches of Eastwick have?
Can you summarize The witches of Eastwick?
What is Dragons of Autumn Twilight about?
Who is the author of Dragons of Autumn Twilight?
When was Dragons of Autumn Twilight published?
What is the genre of Dragons of Autumn Twilight?
How many pages does Dragons of Autumn Twilight have?
Can you summarize Dragons of Autumn Twilight?
What is Castle of Wizardry (The Belgariad, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of Castle of Wizardry (The Belgariad, Book 4)?
When was Castle of Wizardry (The Belgariad, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of Castle of Wizardry (The Belgariad, Book 4)?
How many pages does Castle of Wizardry (The Belgariad, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize Castle of Wizardry (The Belgariad, Book 4)?
What is The Sicilian about?
Who is the author of The Sicilian?
When was The Sicilian published?
What is the genre of The Sicilian?
How many pages does The Sicilian have?
Can you summarize The Sicilian?
What is Hotel Du Lac about?
Who is the author of Hotel Du Lac?
When was Hotel Du Lac published?
What is the genre of Hotel Du Lac?
How many pages does Hotel Du Lac have?
Can you summarize Hotel Du Lac?
What is The Pilgrim of Hate about?
Who is the author of The Pilgrim of Hate?
When was The Pilgrim of Hate published?
What is the genre of The Pilgrim of Hate?
How many pages does The Pilgrim of Hate have?
Can you summarize The Pilgrim of Hate?
What is Dead man's ransom about?
Who is the author of Dead man's ransom?
When was Dead man's ransom published?
What is the genre of Dead man's ransom?
How many pages does Dead man's ransom have?
Can you summarize Dead man's ransom?
What is Akira, Vol. 1 about?
Who is the author of Akira, Vol. 1?
When was Akira, Vol. 1 published?
What is the genre of Akira, Vol. 1?
How many pages does Akira, Vol. 1 have?
Can you summarize Akira, Vol. 1?
What is The Summer Tree (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of The Summer Tree (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 1)?
When was The Summer Tree (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of The Summer Tree (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 1)?
How many pages does The Summer Tree (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize The Summer Tree (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 1)?
What is Money about?
Who is the author of Money?
When was Money published?
What is the genre of Money?
How many pages does Money have?
Can you summarize Money?
What is The growing pains of Adrian Mole about?
Who is the author of The growing pains of Adrian Mole?
When was The growing pains of Adrian Mole published?
What is the genre of The growing pains of Adrian Mole?
How many pages does The growing pains of Adrian Mole have?
Can you summarize The growing pains of Adrian Mole?
What is I.Asimov about?
Who is the author of I.Asimov?
When was I.Asimov published?
What is the genre of I.Asimov?
How many pages does I.Asimov have?
Can you summarize I.Asimov?
What is Love and War (North and South Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Love and War (North and South Trilogy)?
When was Love and War (North and South Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Love and War (North and South Trilogy)?
How many pages does Love and War (North and South Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Love and War (North and South Trilogy)?
What is Heretics of Dune about?
Who is the author of Heretics of Dune?
When was Heretics of Dune published?
What is the genre of Heretics of Dune?
How many pages does Heretics of Dune have?
Can you summarize Heretics of Dune?
What is The Ghostway about?
Who is the author of The Ghostway?
When was The Ghostway published?
What is the genre of The Ghostway?
How many pages does The Ghostway have?
Can you summarize The Ghostway?
What is Lincoln about?
Who is the author of Lincoln?
When was Lincoln published?
What is the genre of Lincoln?
How many pages does Lincoln have?
Can you summarize Lincoln?
What is Of love and shadows about?
Who is the author of Of love and shadows?
When was Of love and shadows published?
What is the genre of Of love and shadows?
How many pages does Of love and shadows have?
Can you summarize Of love and shadows?
What is Bridge of Birds about?
Who is the author of Bridge of Birds?
When was Bridge of Birds published?
What is the genre of Bridge of Birds?
How many pages does Bridge of Birds have?
Can you summarize Bridge of Birds?
What is The Bone People about?
Who is the author of The Bone People?
When was The Bone People published?
What is the genre of The Bone People?
How many pages does The Bone People have?
Can you summarize The Bone People?
What is Deep six about?
Who is the author of Deep six?
When was Deep six published?
What is the genre of Deep six?
How many pages does Deep six have?
Can you summarize Deep six?
What is The deluxe transitive vampire about?
Who is the author of The deluxe transitive vampire?
When was The deluxe transitive vampire published?
What is the genre of The deluxe transitive vampire?
How many pages does The deluxe transitive vampire have?
Can you summarize The deluxe transitive vampire?
What is Moonheart about?
Who is the author of Moonheart?
When was Moonheart published?
What is the genre of Moonheart?
How many pages does Moonheart have?
Can you summarize Moonheart?
What is Enchanter's End Game (The Belgariad, Book 5) about?
Who is the author of Enchanter's End Game (The Belgariad, Book 5)?
When was Enchanter's End Game (The Belgariad, Book 5) published?
What is the genre of Enchanter's End Game (The Belgariad, Book 5)?
How many pages does Enchanter's End Game (The Belgariad, Book 5) have?
Can you summarize Enchanter's End Game (The Belgariad, Book 5)?
What is The Hero and the Crown about?
Who is the author of The Hero and the Crown?
When was The Hero and the Crown published?
What is the genre of The Hero and the Crown?
How many pages does The Hero and the Crown have?
Can you summarize The Hero and the Crown?
What is Queen of This Realm about?
Who is the author of Queen of This Realm?
When was Queen of This Realm published?
What is the genre of Queen of This Realm?
How many pages does Queen of This Realm have?
Can you summarize Queen of This Realm?
What is Saint George and the Dragon about?
Who is the author of Saint George and the Dragon?
When was Saint George and the Dragon published?
What is the genre of Saint George and the Dragon?
How many pages does Saint George and the Dragon have?
Can you summarize Saint George and the Dragon?
What is Bluegate fields about?
Who is the author of Bluegate fields?
When was Bluegate fields published?
What is the genre of Bluegate fields?
How many pages does Bluegate fields have?
Can you summarize Bluegate fields?
What is Deadlock (V.I. Warshawski Novels) about?
Who is the author of Deadlock (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
When was Deadlock (V.I. Warshawski Novels) published?
What is the genre of Deadlock (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
How many pages does Deadlock (V.I. Warshawski Novels) have?
Can you summarize Deadlock (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
What is English Creek about?
Who is the author of English Creek?
When was English Creek published?
What is the genre of English Creek?
How many pages does English Creek have?
Can you summarize English Creek?
What is Jerusalem Inn about?
Who is the author of Jerusalem Inn?
When was Jerusalem Inn published?
What is the genre of Jerusalem Inn?
How many pages does Jerusalem Inn have?
Can you summarize Jerusalem Inn?
What is The Dirty Duck about?
Who is the author of The Dirty Duck?
When was The Dirty Duck published?
What is the genre of The Dirty Duck?
How many pages does The Dirty Duck have?
Can you summarize The Dirty Duck?
What is Bearing an Hourglass about?
Who is the author of Bearing an Hourglass?
When was Bearing an Hourglass published?
What is the genre of Bearing an Hourglass?
How many pages does Bearing an Hourglass have?
Can you summarize Bearing an Hourglass?
What is West of Eden about?
Who is the author of West of Eden?
When was West of Eden published?
What is the genre of West of Eden?
How many pages does West of Eden have?
Can you summarize West of Eden?
What is In the Freud archives about?
Who is the author of In the Freud archives?
When was In the Freud archives published?
What is the genre of In the Freud archives?
How many pages does In the Freud archives have?
Can you summarize In the Freud archives?
What is Ma Rainey's black bottom about?
Who is the author of Ma Rainey's black bottom?
When was Ma Rainey's black bottom published?
What is the genre of Ma Rainey's black bottom?
How many pages does Ma Rainey's black bottom have?
Can you summarize Ma Rainey's black bottom?
What is The wheel of fortune about?
Who is the author of The wheel of fortune?
When was The wheel of fortune published?
What is the genre of The wheel of fortune?
How many pages does The wheel of fortune have?
Can you summarize The wheel of fortune?
What is Bard, the odyssey of the Irish about?
Who is the author of Bard, the odyssey of the Irish?
When was Bard, the odyssey of the Irish published?
What is the genre of Bard, the odyssey of the Irish?
How many pages does Bard, the odyssey of the Irish have?
Can you summarize Bard, the odyssey of the Irish?
What is Boy about?
Who is the author of Boy?
When was Boy published?
What is the genre of Boy?
How many pages does Boy have?
Can you summarize Boy?
What is Mistress Anne about?
Who is the author of Mistress Anne?
When was Mistress Anne published?
What is the genre of Mistress Anne?
How many pages does Mistress Anne have?
Can you summarize Mistress Anne?
What is Cities of salt about?
Who is the author of Cities of salt?
When was Cities of salt published?
What is the genre of Cities of salt?
How many pages does Cities of salt have?
Can you summarize Cities of salt?
What is Wilfrid Gordon McDonald Partridge about?
Who is the author of Wilfrid Gordon McDonald Partridge?
When was Wilfrid Gordon McDonald Partridge published?
What is the genre of Wilfrid Gordon McDonald Partridge?
How many pages does Wilfrid Gordon McDonald Partridge have?
Can you summarize Wilfrid Gordon McDonald Partridge?
What is The haj about?
Who is the author of The haj?
When was The haj published?
What is the genre of The haj?
How many pages does The haj have?
Can you summarize The haj?
What is The Napping House about?
Who is the author of The Napping House?
When was The Napping House published?
What is the genre of The Napping House?
How many pages does The Napping House have?
Can you summarize The Napping House?
What is The Glamour (Gollancz) about?
Who is the author of The Glamour (Gollancz)?
When was The Glamour (Gollancz) published?
What is the genre of The Glamour (Gollancz)?
How many pages does The Glamour (Gollancz) have?
Can you summarize The Glamour (Gollancz)?
What is Stones for Ibarra about?
Who is the author of Stones for Ibarra?
When was Stones for Ibarra published?
What is the genre of Stones for Ibarra?
How many pages does Stones for Ibarra have?
Can you summarize Stones for Ibarra?
What is Mythago wood about?
Who is the author of Mythago wood?
When was Mythago wood published?
What is the genre of Mythago wood?
How many pages does Mythago wood have?
Can you summarize Mythago wood?
What is Ghosts beneath our feet about?
Who is the author of Ghosts beneath our feet?
When was Ghosts beneath our feet published?
What is the genre of Ghosts beneath our feet?
How many pages does Ghosts beneath our feet have?
Can you summarize Ghosts beneath our feet?
What is Mandie and the Ghost Bandits (Mandie Books) about?
Who is the author of Mandie and the Ghost Bandits (Mandie Books)?
When was Mandie and the Ghost Bandits (Mandie Books) published?
What is the genre of Mandie and the Ghost Bandits (Mandie Books)?
How many pages does Mandie and the Ghost Bandits (Mandie Books) have?
Can you summarize Mandie and the Ghost Bandits (Mandie Books)?
What is The third eye about?
Who is the author of The third eye?
When was The third eye published?
What is the genre of The third eye?
How many pages does The third eye have?
Can you summarize The third eye?
What is Cry for the strangers about?
Who is the author of Cry for the strangers?
When was Cry for the strangers published?
What is the genre of Cry for the strangers?
How many pages does Cry for the strangers have?
Can you summarize Cry for the strangers?
What is Collected stories about?
Who is the author of Collected stories?
When was Collected stories published?
What is the genre of Collected stories?
How many pages does Collected stories have?
Can you summarize Collected stories?
What is Garfield, his 9 lives about?
Who is the author of Garfield, his 9 lives?
When was Garfield, his 9 lives published?
What is the genre of Garfield, his 9 lives?
How many pages does Garfield, his 9 lives have?
Can you summarize Garfield, his 9 lives?
What is Books of Blood about?
Who is the author of Books of Blood?
When was Books of Blood published?
What is the genre of Books of Blood?
How many pages does Books of Blood have?
Can you summarize Books of Blood?
What is City of Sorcery about?
Who is the author of City of Sorcery?
When was City of Sorcery published?
What is the genre of City of Sorcery?
How many pages does City of Sorcery have?
Can you summarize City of Sorcery?
What is In Search of Schrödinger's Cat about?
Who is the author of In Search of Schrödinger's Cat?
When was In Search of Schrödinger's Cat published?
What is the genre of In Search of Schrödinger's Cat?
How many pages does In Search of Schrödinger's Cat have?
Can you summarize In Search of Schrödinger's Cat?
What is Yendi about?
Who is the author of Yendi?
When was Yendi published?
What is the genre of Yendi?
How many pages does Yendi have?
Can you summarize Yendi?
What is The Fourth Protocol about?
Who is the author of The Fourth Protocol?
When was The Fourth Protocol published?
What is the genre of The Fourth Protocol?
How many pages does The Fourth Protocol have?
Can you summarize The Fourth Protocol?
What is Nights at the circus about?
Who is the author of Nights at the circus?
When was Nights at the circus published?
What is the genre of Nights at the circus?
How many pages does Nights at the circus have?
Can you summarize Nights at the circus?
What is A to Z about?
Who is the author of A to Z?
When was A to Z published?
What is the genre of A to Z?
How many pages does A to Z have?
Can you summarize A to Z?
What is Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis about?
Who is the author of Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis?
When was Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis published?
What is the genre of Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis?
How many pages does Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis have?
Can you summarize Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis?
What is Elleander Morning about?
Who is the author of Elleander Morning?
When was Elleander Morning published?
What is the genre of Elleander Morning?
How many pages does Elleander Morning have?
Can you summarize Elleander Morning?
What is Star Trek III : The search for Spock about?
Who is the author of Star Trek III : The search for Spock?
When was Star Trek III : The search for Spock published?
What is the genre of Star Trek III : The search for Spock?
How many pages does Star Trek III : The search for Spock have?
Can you summarize Star Trek III : The search for Spock?
What is The Aquitaine Progression about?
Who is the author of The Aquitaine Progression?
When was The Aquitaine Progression published?
What is the genre of The Aquitaine Progression?
How many pages does The Aquitaine Progression have?
Can you summarize The Aquitaine Progression?
What is Shallows about?
Who is the author of Shallows?
When was Shallows published?
What is the genre of Shallows?
How many pages does Shallows have?
Can you summarize Shallows?
What is Budding Prospects about?
Who is the author of Budding Prospects?
When was Budding Prospects published?
What is the genre of Budding Prospects?
How many pages does Budding Prospects have?
Can you summarize Budding Prospects?
What is Ghost Light about?
Who is the author of Ghost Light?
When was Ghost Light published?
What is the genre of Ghost Light?
How many pages does Ghost Light have?
Can you summarize Ghost Light?
What is The Uses of Literature about?
Who is the author of The Uses of Literature?
When was The Uses of Literature published?
What is the genre of The Uses of Literature?
How many pages does The Uses of Literature have?
Can you summarize The Uses of Literature?
What is A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications) about?
Who is the author of A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications)?
When was A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications) published?
What is the genre of A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications)?
How many pages does A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications) have?
Can you summarize A New History of Korea (Harvard-Yenching Institute Publications)?
What is Collected Poems 1947-1980 about?
Who is the author of Collected Poems 1947-1980?
When was Collected Poems 1947-1980 published?
What is the genre of Collected Poems 1947-1980?
How many pages does Collected Poems 1947-1980 have?
Can you summarize Collected Poems 1947-1980?
What is Corrigan (New York Review Books Classics) about?
Who is the author of Corrigan (New York Review Books Classics)?
When was Corrigan (New York Review Books Classics) published?
What is the genre of Corrigan (New York Review Books Classics)?
How many pages does Corrigan (New York Review Books Classics) have?
Can you summarize Corrigan (New York Review Books Classics)?
What is Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6 about?
Who is the author of Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6?
When was Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6 published?
What is the genre of Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6?
How many pages does Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6 have?
Can you summarize Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 6?
What is Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 7 about?
Who is the author of Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 7?
When was Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 7 published?
What is the genre of Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 7?
How many pages does Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 7 have?
Can you summarize Maison Ikkoku, Vol. 7?
What is The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library) about?
Who is the author of The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library)?
When was The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library) published?
What is the genre of The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library)?
How many pages does The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library) have?
Can you summarize The Little Mouse, the Red Ripe Strawberry, and the Big Hungry Bear (Child's Play Library)?
What is Finding the centre about?
Who is the author of Finding the centre?
When was Finding the centre published?
What is the genre of Finding the centre?
How many pages does Finding the centre have?
Can you summarize Finding the centre?
What is The Biggest Pumpkin Ever about?
Who is the author of The Biggest Pumpkin Ever?
When was The Biggest Pumpkin Ever published?
What is the genre of The Biggest Pumpkin Ever?
How many pages does The Biggest Pumpkin Ever have?
Can you summarize The Biggest Pumpkin Ever?
What is The killing doll about?
Who is the author of The killing doll?
When was The killing doll published?
What is the genre of The killing doll?
How many pages does The killing doll have?
Can you summarize The killing doll?
What is Foreign Affairs about?
Who is the author of Foreign Affairs?
When was Foreign Affairs published?
What is the genre of Foreign Affairs?
How many pages does Foreign Affairs have?
Can you summarize Foreign Affairs?
What is Ender's Game about?
Who is the author of Ender's Game?
When was Ender's Game published?
What is the genre of Ender's Game?
How many pages does Ender's Game have?
Can you summarize Ender's Game?
What is Perfume (International Writers) about?
Who is the author of Perfume (International Writers)?
When was Perfume (International Writers) published?
What is the genre of Perfume (International Writers)?
How many pages does Perfume (International Writers) have?
Can you summarize Perfume (International Writers)?
What is Lonesome Dove about?
Who is the author of Lonesome Dove?
When was Lonesome Dove published?
What is the genre of Lonesome Dove?
How many pages does Lonesome Dove have?
Can you summarize Lonesome Dove?
What is Love in the Time of Cholera about?
Who is the author of Love in the Time of Cholera?
When was Love in the Time of Cholera published?
What is the genre of Love in the Time of Cholera?
How many pages does Love in the Time of Cholera have?
Can you summarize Love in the Time of Cholera?
What is The Cider House Rules about?
Who is the author of The Cider House Rules?
When was The Cider House Rules published?
What is the genre of The Cider House Rules?
How many pages does The Cider House Rules have?
Can you summarize The Cider House Rules?
What is If You Give a Mouse a Cookie about?
Who is the author of If You Give a Mouse a Cookie?
When was If You Give a Mouse a Cookie published?
What is the genre of If You Give a Mouse a Cookie?
How many pages does If You Give a Mouse a Cookie have?
Can you summarize If You Give a Mouse a Cookie?
What is The Vampire Lestat (Vampire Chronicles) about?
Who is the author of The Vampire Lestat (Vampire Chronicles)?
When was The Vampire Lestat (Vampire Chronicles) published?
What is the genre of The Vampire Lestat (Vampire Chronicles)?
How many pages does The Vampire Lestat (Vampire Chronicles) have?
Can you summarize The Vampire Lestat (Vampire Chronicles)?
What is The Polar Express about?
Who is the author of The Polar Express?
When was The Polar Express published?
What is the genre of The Polar Express?
How many pages does The Polar Express have?
Can you summarize The Polar Express?
What is The Accidental Tourist about?
Who is the author of The Accidental Tourist?
When was The Accidental Tourist published?
What is the genre of The Accidental Tourist?
How many pages does The Accidental Tourist have?
Can you summarize The Accidental Tourist?
What is White Noise about?
Who is the author of White Noise?
When was White Noise published?
What is the genre of White Noise?
How many pages does White Noise have?
Can you summarize White Noise?
What is Maus: a Survivors Tale about?
Who is the author of Maus: a Survivors Tale?
When was Maus: a Survivors Tale published?
What is the genre of Maus: a Survivors Tale?
How many pages does Maus: a Survivors Tale have?
Can you summarize Maus: a Survivors Tale?
What is Contact about?
Who is the author of Contact?
When was Contact published?
What is the genre of Contact?
How many pages does Contact have?
Can you summarize Contact?
What is Skeleton Crew about?
Who is the author of Skeleton Crew?
When was Skeleton Crew published?
What is the genre of Skeleton Crew?
How many pages does Skeleton Crew have?
Can you summarize Skeleton Crew?
What is Many Waters about?
Who is the author of Many Waters?
When was Many Waters published?
What is the genre of Many Waters?
How many pages does Many Waters have?
Can you summarize Many Waters?
What is The Wishsong of Shannara (The Shannara Series) about?
Who is the author of The Wishsong of Shannara (The Shannara Series)?
When was The Wishsong of Shannara (The Shannara Series) published?
What is the genre of The Wishsong of Shannara (The Shannara Series)?
How many pages does The Wishsong of Shannara (The Shannara Series) have?
Can you summarize The Wishsong of Shannara (The Shannara Series)?
What is Sarah, Plain and Tall about?
Who is the author of Sarah, Plain and Tall?
When was Sarah, Plain and Tall published?
What is the genre of Sarah, Plain and Tall?
How many pages does Sarah, Plain and Tall have?
Can you summarize Sarah, Plain and Tall?
What is The Hero and the Crown about?
Who is the author of The Hero and the Crown?
When was The Hero and the Crown published?
What is the genre of The Hero and the Crown?
How many pages does The Hero and the Crown have?
Can you summarize The Hero and the Crown?
What is The Good Terrorist about?
Who is the author of The Good Terrorist?
When was The Good Terrorist published?
What is the genre of The Good Terrorist?
How many pages does The Good Terrorist have?
Can you summarize The Good Terrorist?
What is The Mummy Case about?
Who is the author of The Mummy Case?
When was The Mummy Case published?
What is the genre of The Mummy Case?
How many pages does The Mummy Case have?
Can you summarize The Mummy Case?
What is The Bachman books about?
Who is the author of The Bachman books?
When was The Bachman books published?
What is the genre of The Bachman books?
How many pages does The Bachman books have?
Can you summarize The Bachman books?
What is Robots and Empire about?
Who is the author of Robots and Empire?
When was Robots and Empire published?
What is the genre of Robots and Empire?
How many pages does Robots and Empire have?
Can you summarize Robots and Empire?
What is Galapagos (Delta Fiction) about?
Who is the author of Galapagos (Delta Fiction)?
When was Galapagos (Delta Fiction) published?
What is the genre of Galapagos (Delta Fiction)?
How many pages does Galapagos (Delta Fiction) have?
Can you summarize Galapagos (Delta Fiction)?
What is Dead man's ransom about?
Who is the author of Dead man's ransom?
When was Dead man's ransom published?
What is the genre of Dead man's ransom?
How many pages does Dead man's ransom have?
Can you summarize Dead man's ransom?
What is The White Castle about?
Who is the author of The White Castle?
When was The White Castle published?
What is the genre of The White Castle?
How many pages does The White Castle have?
Can you summarize The White Castle?
What is Elvis and Me about?
Who is the author of Elvis and Me?
When was Elvis and Me published?
What is the genre of Elvis and Me?
How many pages does Elvis and Me have?
Can you summarize Elvis and Me?
What is Beaches about?
Who is the author of Beaches?
When was Beaches published?
What is the genre of Beaches?
How many pages does Beaches have?
Can you summarize Beaches?
What is The Castle in the Attic about?
Who is the author of The Castle in the Attic?
When was The Castle in the Attic published?
What is the genre of The Castle in the Attic?
How many pages does The Castle in the Attic have?
Can you summarize The Castle in the Attic?
What is Fire Watch about?
Who is the author of Fire Watch?
When was Fire Watch published?
What is the genre of Fire Watch?
How many pages does Fire Watch have?
Can you summarize Fire Watch?
What is City of glass about?
Who is the author of City of glass?
When was City of glass published?
What is the genre of City of glass?
How many pages does City of glass have?
Can you summarize City of glass?
What is Blood Music (Ibooks Science Fiction Classics) about?
Who is the author of Blood Music (Ibooks Science Fiction Classics)?
When was Blood Music (Ibooks Science Fiction Classics) published?
What is the genre of Blood Music (Ibooks Science Fiction Classics)?
How many pages does Blood Music (Ibooks Science Fiction Classics) have?
Can you summarize Blood Music (Ibooks Science Fiction Classics)?
What is The Postman about?
Who is the author of The Postman?
When was The Postman published?
What is the genre of The Postman?
How many pages does The Postman have?
Can you summarize The Postman?
What is Lake Wobegon days about?
Who is the author of Lake Wobegon days?
When was Lake Wobegon days published?
What is the genre of Lake Wobegon days?
How many pages does Lake Wobegon days have?
Can you summarize Lake Wobegon days?
What is Silverthorn (Riftwar Saga) about?
Who is the author of Silverthorn (Riftwar Saga)?
When was Silverthorn (Riftwar Saga) published?
What is the genre of Silverthorn (Riftwar Saga)?
How many pages does Silverthorn (Riftwar Saga) have?
Can you summarize Silverthorn (Riftwar Saga)?
What is "B" is for Burglar (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of "B" is for Burglar (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries)?
When was "B" is for Burglar (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of "B" is for Burglar (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries)?
How many pages does "B" is for Burglar (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize "B" is for Burglar (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries)?
What is Miss Nelson Is Missing! about?
Who is the author of Miss Nelson Is Missing!?
When was Miss Nelson Is Missing! published?
What is the genre of Miss Nelson Is Missing!?
How many pages does Miss Nelson Is Missing! have?
Can you summarize Miss Nelson Is Missing!?
What is The women's Decameron about?
Who is the author of The women's Decameron?
When was The women's Decameron published?
What is the genre of The women's Decameron?
How many pages does The women's Decameron have?
Can you summarize The women's Decameron?
What is An Excellent Mystery about?
Who is the author of An Excellent Mystery?
When was An Excellent Mystery published?
What is the genre of An Excellent Mystery?
How many pages does An Excellent Mystery have?
Can you summarize An Excellent Mystery?
What is Break In about?
Who is the author of Break In?
When was Break In published?
What is the genre of Break In?
How many pages does Break In have?
Can you summarize Break In?
What is Here Be Dragons about?
Who is the author of Here Be Dragons?
When was Here Be Dragons published?
What is the genre of Here Be Dragons?
How many pages does Here Be Dragons have?
Can you summarize Here Be Dragons?
What is The Witching Hour about?
Who is the author of The Witching Hour?
When was The Witching Hour published?
What is the genre of The Witching Hour?
How many pages does The Witching Hour have?
Can you summarize The Witching Hour?
What is The dance of anger about?
Who is the author of The dance of anger?
When was The dance of anger published?
What is the genre of The dance of anger?
How many pages does The dance of anger have?
Can you summarize The dance of anger?
What is Locked in time about?
Who is the author of Locked in time?
When was Locked in time published?
What is the genre of Locked in time?
How many pages does Locked in time have?
Can you summarize Locked in time?
What is Davita's harp about?
Who is the author of Davita's harp?
When was Davita's harp published?
What is the genre of Davita's harp?
How many pages does Davita's harp have?
Can you summarize Davita's harp?
What is Guardians of the West (The Malloreon, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Guardians of the West (The Malloreon, Book 1)?
When was Guardians of the West (The Malloreon, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Guardians of the West (The Malloreon, Book 1)?
How many pages does Guardians of the West (The Malloreon, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Guardians of the West (The Malloreon, Book 1)?
What is The Cat Who Walks Through Walls about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Walks Through Walls?
When was The Cat Who Walks Through Walls published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Walks Through Walls?
How many pages does The Cat Who Walks Through Walls have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Walks Through Walls?
What is The Garden of Eden about?
Who is the author of The Garden of Eden?
When was The Garden of Eden published?
What is the genre of The Garden of Eden?
How many pages does The Garden of Eden have?
Can you summarize The Garden of Eden?
What is Love Only Once about?
Who is the author of Love Only Once?
When was Love Only Once published?
What is the genre of Love Only Once?
How many pages does Love Only Once have?
Can you summarize Love Only Once?
What is Tender Rebel about?
Who is the author of Tender Rebel?
When was Tender Rebel published?
What is the genre of Tender Rebel?
How many pages does Tender Rebel have?
Can you summarize Tender Rebel?
What is Book of Kells,the about?
Who is the author of Book of Kells,the?
When was Book of Kells,the published?
What is the genre of Book of Kells,the?
How many pages does Book of Kells,the have?
Can you summarize Book of Kells,the?
What is Lie down with lions about?
Who is the author of Lie down with lions?
When was Lie down with lions published?
What is the genre of Lie down with lions?
How many pages does Lie down with lions have?
Can you summarize Lie down with lions?
What is Echoes about?
Who is the author of Echoes?
When was Echoes published?
What is the genre of Echoes?
How many pages does Echoes have?
Can you summarize Echoes?
What is King Bidgood's in the bathtub about?
Who is the author of King Bidgood's in the bathtub?
When was King Bidgood's in the bathtub published?
What is the genre of King Bidgood's in the bathtub?
How many pages does King Bidgood's in the bathtub have?
Can you summarize King Bidgood's in the bathtub?
What is What's Bred in the Bone. about?
Who is the author of What's Bred in the Bone.?
When was What's Bred in the Bone. published?
What is the genre of What's Bred in the Bone.?
How many pages does What's Bred in the Bone. have?
Can you summarize What's Bred in the Bone.?
What is The Mammoth Hunters about?
Who is the author of The Mammoth Hunters?
When was The Mammoth Hunters published?
What is the genre of The Mammoth Hunters?
How many pages does The Mammoth Hunters have?
Can you summarize The Mammoth Hunters?
What is Death in the Devil's Acre about?
Who is the author of Death in the Devil's Acre?
When was Death in the Devil's Acre published?
What is the genre of Death in the Devil's Acre?
How many pages does Death in the Devil's Acre have?
Can you summarize Death in the Devil's Acre?
What is Last Question and Other Stories about?
Who is the author of Last Question and Other Stories?
When was Last Question and Other Stories published?
What is the genre of Last Question and Other Stories?
How many pages does Last Question and Other Stories have?
Can you summarize Last Question and Other Stories?
What is Killing Orders (V.I. Warshawski Novels) about?
Who is the author of Killing Orders (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
When was Killing Orders (V.I. Warshawski Novels) published?
What is the genre of Killing Orders (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
How many pages does Killing Orders (V.I. Warshawski Novels) have?
Can you summarize Killing Orders (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
What is Tuf Voyaging about?
Who is the author of Tuf Voyaging?
When was Tuf Voyaging published?
What is the genre of Tuf Voyaging?
How many pages does Tuf Voyaging have?
Can you summarize Tuf Voyaging?
What is Flashman and the Dragon (ISBN:0002712458) about?
Who is the author of Flashman and the Dragon (ISBN:0002712458)?
When was Flashman and the Dragon (ISBN:0002712458) published?
What is the genre of Flashman and the Dragon (ISBN:0002712458)?
How many pages does Flashman and the Dragon (ISBN:0002712458) have?
Can you summarize Flashman and the Dragon (ISBN:0002712458)?
What is The White Rose about?
Who is the author of The White Rose?
When was The White Rose published?
What is the genre of The White Rose?
How many pages does The White Rose have?
Can you summarize The White Rose?
What is Still life about?
Who is the author of Still life?
When was Still life published?
What is the genre of Still life?
How many pages does Still life have?
Can you summarize Still life?
What is Whitney, My Love about?
Who is the author of Whitney, My Love?
When was Whitney, My Love published?
What is the genre of Whitney, My Love?
How many pages does Whitney, My Love have?
Can you summarize Whitney, My Love?
What is Dragons of Winter Night about?
Who is the author of Dragons of Winter Night?
When was Dragons of Winter Night published?
What is the genre of Dragons of Winter Night?
How many pages does Dragons of Winter Night have?
Can you summarize Dragons of Winter Night?
What is Dragons of spring dawning about?
Who is the author of Dragons of spring dawning?
When was Dragons of spring dawning published?
What is the genre of Dragons of spring dawning?
How many pages does Dragons of spring dawning have?
Can you summarize Dragons of spring dawning?
What is The original Hitchhiker radio scripts about?
Who is the author of The original Hitchhiker radio scripts?
When was The original Hitchhiker radio scripts published?
What is the genre of The original Hitchhiker radio scripts?
How many pages does The original Hitchhiker radio scripts have?
Can you summarize The original Hitchhiker radio scripts?
What is A History of Private Life, Volume I, From Pagan Rome to Byzantium about?
Who is the author of A History of Private Life, Volume I, From Pagan Rome to Byzantium?
When was A History of Private Life, Volume I, From Pagan Rome to Byzantium published?
What is the genre of A History of Private Life, Volume I, From Pagan Rome to Byzantium?
How many pages does A History of Private Life, Volume I, From Pagan Rome to Byzantium have?
Can you summarize A History of Private Life, Volume I, From Pagan Rome to Byzantium?
What is The Tenth Man about?
Who is the author of The Tenth Man?
When was The Tenth Man published?
What is the genre of The Tenth Man?
How many pages does The Tenth Man have?
Can you summarize The Tenth Man?
What is The Lonely Silver Rain about?
Who is the author of The Lonely Silver Rain?
When was The Lonely Silver Rain published?
What is the genre of The Lonely Silver Rain?
How many pages does The Lonely Silver Rain have?
Can you summarize The Lonely Silver Rain?
What is Help the Poor Struggler about?
Who is the author of Help the Poor Struggler?
When was Help the Poor Struggler published?
What is the genre of Help the Poor Struggler?
How many pages does Help the Poor Struggler have?
Can you summarize Help the Poor Struggler?
What is The Deer Leap about?
Who is the author of The Deer Leap?
When was The Deer Leap published?
What is the genre of The Deer Leap?
How many pages does The Deer Leap have?
Can you summarize The Deer Leap?
What is Mrs. Pollifax and the Hong Kong Buddha about?
Who is the author of Mrs. Pollifax and the Hong Kong Buddha?
When was Mrs. Pollifax and the Hong Kong Buddha published?
What is the genre of Mrs. Pollifax and the Hong Kong Buddha?
How many pages does Mrs. Pollifax and the Hong Kong Buddha have?
Can you summarize Mrs. Pollifax and the Hong Kong Buddha?
What is Until Proven Guilty about?
Who is the author of Until Proven Guilty?
When was Until Proven Guilty published?
What is the genre of Until Proven Guilty?
How many pages does Until Proven Guilty have?
Can you summarize Until Proven Guilty?
What is The Nantucket diet murders about?
Who is the author of The Nantucket diet murders?
When was The Nantucket diet murders published?
What is the genre of The Nantucket diet murders?
How many pages does The Nantucket diet murders have?
Can you summarize The Nantucket diet murders?
What is Viriconium about?
Who is the author of Viriconium?
When was Viriconium published?
What is the genre of Viriconium?
How many pages does Viriconium have?
Can you summarize Viriconium?
What is Sweet Starfire about?
Who is the author of Sweet Starfire?
When was Sweet Starfire published?
What is the genre of Sweet Starfire?
How many pages does Sweet Starfire have?
Can you summarize Sweet Starfire?
What is The postman about?
Who is the author of The postman?
When was The postman published?
What is the genre of The postman?
How many pages does The postman have?
Can you summarize The postman?
What is The King Beyond the Gate (Drenai Tales, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of The King Beyond the Gate (Drenai Tales, Book 2)?
When was The King Beyond the Gate (Drenai Tales, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of The King Beyond the Gate (Drenai Tales, Book 2)?
How many pages does The King Beyond the Gate (Drenai Tales, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize The King Beyond the Gate (Drenai Tales, Book 2)?
What is Koko's Kitten about?
Who is the author of Koko's Kitten?
When was Koko's Kitten published?
What is the genre of Koko's Kitten?
How many pages does Koko's Kitten have?
Can you summarize Koko's Kitten?
What is Brightness Falls From The Air about?
Who is the author of Brightness Falls From The Air?
When was Brightness Falls From The Air published?
What is the genre of Brightness Falls From The Air?
How many pages does Brightness Falls From The Air have?
Can you summarize Brightness Falls From The Air?
What is The Dragonlance Chronicles/Dragons of Autumn Twilight/Dragons of Winter Night/Dragons of Spring Dawning (Collectors Edition) about?
Who is the author of The Dragonlance Chronicles/Dragons of Autumn Twilight/Dragons of Winter Night/Dragons of Spring Dawning (Collectors Edition)?
When was The Dragonlance Chronicles/Dragons of Autumn Twilight/Dragons of Winter Night/Dragons of Spring Dawning (Collectors Edition) published?
What is the genre of The Dragonlance Chronicles/Dragons of Autumn Twilight/Dragons of Winter Night/Dragons of Spring Dawning (Collectors Edition)?
How many pages does The Dragonlance Chronicles/Dragons of Autumn Twilight/Dragons of Winter Night/Dragons of Spring Dawning (Collectors Edition) have?
Can you summarize The Dragonlance Chronicles/Dragons of Autumn Twilight/Dragons of Winter Night/Dragons of Spring Dawning (Collectors Edition)?
What is The price of the ticket about?
Who is the author of The price of the ticket?
When was The price of the ticket published?
What is the genre of The price of the ticket?
How many pages does The price of the ticket have?
Can you summarize The price of the ticket?
What is Temporary Insanity about?
Who is the author of Temporary Insanity?
When was Temporary Insanity published?
What is the genre of Temporary Insanity?
How many pages does Temporary Insanity have?
Can you summarize Temporary Insanity?
What is Women in a river landscape about?
Who is the author of Women in a river landscape?
When was Women in a river landscape published?
What is the genre of Women in a river landscape?
How many pages does Women in a river landscape have?
Can you summarize Women in a river landscape?
What is The isle of glass about?
Who is the author of The isle of glass?
When was The isle of glass published?
What is the genre of The isle of glass?
How many pages does The isle of glass have?
Can you summarize The isle of glass?
What is Mandie and the Trunks Secret (Mandie Books) about?
Who is the author of Mandie and the Trunks Secret (Mandie Books)?
When was Mandie and the Trunks Secret (Mandie Books) published?
What is the genre of Mandie and the Trunks Secret (Mandie Books)?
How many pages does Mandie and the Trunks Secret (Mandie Books) have?
Can you summarize Mandie and the Trunks Secret (Mandie Books)?
What is The Nazi dictatorship about?
Who is the author of The Nazi dictatorship?
When was The Nazi dictatorship published?
What is the genre of The Nazi dictatorship?
How many pages does The Nazi dictatorship have?
Can you summarize The Nazi dictatorship?
What is A Company of Swans about?
Who is the author of A Company of Swans?
When was A Company of Swans published?
What is the genre of A Company of Swans?
How many pages does A Company of Swans have?
Can you summarize A Company of Swans?
What is The beet queen about?
Who is the author of The beet queen?
When was The beet queen published?
What is the genre of The beet queen?
How many pages does The beet queen have?
Can you summarize The beet queen?
What is It's an aardvark-eat-turtle world about?
Who is the author of It's an aardvark-eat-turtle world?
When was It's an aardvark-eat-turtle world published?
What is the genre of It's an aardvark-eat-turtle world?
How many pages does It's an aardvark-eat-turtle world have?
Can you summarize It's an aardvark-eat-turtle world?
What is Fantasia about?
Who is the author of Fantasia?
When was Fantasia published?
What is the genre of Fantasia?
How many pages does Fantasia have?
Can you summarize Fantasia?
What is Mandie and the Forbidden Attic (Mandie Books) about?
Who is the author of Mandie and the Forbidden Attic (Mandie Books)?
When was Mandie and the Forbidden Attic (Mandie Books) published?
What is the genre of Mandie and the Forbidden Attic (Mandie Books)?
How many pages does Mandie and the Forbidden Attic (Mandie Books) have?
Can you summarize Mandie and the Forbidden Attic (Mandie Books)?
What is It about?
Who is the author of It?
When was It published?
What is the genre of It?
How many pages does It have?
Can you summarize It?
What is Howl's Moving Castle about?
Who is the author of Howl's Moving Castle?
When was Howl's Moving Castle published?
What is the genre of Howl's Moving Castle?
How many pages does Howl's Moving Castle have?
Can you summarize Howl's Moving Castle?
What is The Light Fantastic about?
Who is the author of The Light Fantastic?
When was The Light Fantastic published?
What is the genre of The Light Fantastic?
How many pages does The Light Fantastic have?
Can you summarize The Light Fantastic?
What is Speaker for the dead about?
Who is the author of Speaker for the dead?
When was Speaker for the dead published?
What is the genre of Speaker for the dead?
How many pages does Speaker for the dead have?
Can you summarize Speaker for the dead?
What is Redwall about?
Who is the author of Redwall?
When was Redwall published?
What is the genre of Redwall?
How many pages does Redwall have?
Can you summarize Redwall?
What is The Prince of Tides about?
Who is the author of The Prince of Tides?
When was The Prince of Tides published?
What is the genre of The Prince of Tides?
How many pages does The Prince of Tides have?
Can you summarize The Prince of Tides?
What is Love You Forever about?
Who is the author of Love You Forever?
When was Love You Forever published?
What is the genre of Love You Forever?
How many pages does Love You Forever have?
Can you summarize Love You Forever?
What is Foundation and Earth about?
Who is the author of Foundation and Earth?
When was Foundation and Earth published?
What is the genre of Foundation and Earth?
How many pages does Foundation and Earth have?
Can you summarize Foundation and Earth?
What is The Woman Who Rides Like a Man (Lionness Quartet) about?
Who is the author of The Woman Who Rides Like a Man (Lionness Quartet)?
When was The Woman Who Rides Like a Man (Lionness Quartet) published?
What is the genre of The Woman Who Rides Like a Man (Lionness Quartet)?
How many pages does The Woman Who Rides Like a Man (Lionness Quartet) have?
Can you summarize The Woman Who Rides Like a Man (Lionness Quartet)?
What is Presumed Innocent about?
Who is the author of Presumed Innocent?
When was Presumed Innocent published?
What is the genre of Presumed Innocent?
How many pages does Presumed Innocent have?
Can you summarize Presumed Innocent?
What is Batman, the Dark Knight returns about?
Who is the author of Batman, the Dark Knight returns?
When was Batman, the Dark Knight returns published?
What is the genre of Batman, the Dark Knight returns?
How many pages does Batman, the Dark Knight returns have?
Can you summarize Batman, the Dark Knight returns?
What is Shards of Honour about?
Who is the author of Shards of Honour?
When was Shards of Honour published?
What is the genre of Shards of Honour?
How many pages does Shards of Honour have?
Can you summarize Shards of Honour?
What is The Warrior's Apprentice about?
Who is the author of The Warrior's Apprentice?
When was The Warrior's Apprentice published?
What is the genre of The Warrior's Apprentice?
How many pages does The Warrior's Apprentice have?
Can you summarize The Warrior's Apprentice?
What is An Artist of the Floating World about?
Who is the author of An Artist of the Floating World?
When was An Artist of the Floating World published?
What is the genre of An Artist of the Floating World?
How many pages does An Artist of the Floating World have?
Can you summarize An Artist of the Floating World?
What is Hatchet about?
Who is the author of Hatchet?
When was Hatchet published?
What is the genre of Hatchet?
How many pages does Hatchet have?
Can you summarize Hatchet?
What is The Rose Rent (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of The Rose Rent (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
When was The Rose Rent (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of The Rose Rent (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
How many pages does The Rose Rent (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize The Rose Rent (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
What is The Raven in the Foregate (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of The Raven in the Foregate (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
When was The Raven in the Foregate (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of The Raven in the Foregate (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
How many pages does The Raven in the Foregate (Brother Cadfael Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize The Raven in the Foregate (Brother Cadfael Mysteries)?
What is Blind Watchmaker about?
Who is the author of Blind Watchmaker?
When was Blind Watchmaker published?
What is the genre of Blind Watchmaker?
How many pages does Blind Watchmaker have?
Can you summarize Blind Watchmaker?
What is The fatal shore about?
Who is the author of The fatal shore?
When was The fatal shore published?
What is the genre of The fatal shore?
How many pages does The fatal shore have?
Can you summarize The fatal shore?
What is Kristy's Great Idea (The Baby-Sitter's Club #1) about?
Who is the author of Kristy's Great Idea (The Baby-Sitter's Club #1)?
When was Kristy's Great Idea (The Baby-Sitter's Club #1) published?
What is the genre of Kristy's Great Idea (The Baby-Sitter's Club #1)?
How many pages does Kristy's Great Idea (The Baby-Sitter's Club #1) have?
Can you summarize Kristy's Great Idea (The Baby-Sitter's Club #1)?
What is Red Storm Rising (Tom Clancy) about?
Who is the author of Red Storm Rising (Tom Clancy)?
When was Red Storm Rising (Tom Clancy) published?
What is the genre of Red Storm Rising (Tom Clancy)?
How many pages does Red Storm Rising (Tom Clancy) have?
Can you summarize Red Storm Rising (Tom Clancy)?
What is A Taste for Death about?
Who is the author of A Taste for Death?
When was A Taste for Death published?
What is the genre of A Taste for Death?
How many pages does A Taste for Death have?
Can you summarize A Taste for Death?
What is The Bourne Supremacy (Bourne Trilogy, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of The Bourne Supremacy (Bourne Trilogy, Book 2)?
When was The Bourne Supremacy (Bourne Trilogy, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of The Bourne Supremacy (Bourne Trilogy, Book 2)?
How many pages does The Bourne Supremacy (Bourne Trilogy, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize The Bourne Supremacy (Bourne Trilogy, Book 2)?
What is Skinwalkers (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) about?
Who is the author of Skinwalkers (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
When was Skinwalkers (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) published?
What is the genre of Skinwalkers (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
How many pages does Skinwalkers (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) have?
Can you summarize Skinwalkers (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
What is The Darkest Road (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of The Darkest Road (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 3)?
When was The Darkest Road (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of The Darkest Road (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 3)?
How many pages does The Darkest Road (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize The Darkest Road (The Fionavar Tapestry, Book 3)?
What is M. Butterfly about?
Who is the author of M. Butterfly?
When was M. Butterfly published?
What is the genre of M. Butterfly?
How many pages does M. Butterfly have?
Can you summarize M. Butterfly?
What is Magic Kingdom for Sale/Sold! about?
Who is the author of Magic Kingdom for Sale/Sold!?
When was Magic Kingdom for Sale/Sold! published?
What is the genre of Magic Kingdom for Sale/Sold!?
How many pages does Magic Kingdom for Sale/Sold! have?
Can you summarize Magic Kingdom for Sale/Sold!?
What is Ethan of Athos about?
Who is the author of Ethan of Athos?
When was Ethan of Athos published?
What is the genre of Ethan of Athos?
How many pages does Ethan of Athos have?
Can you summarize Ethan of Athos?
What is A Perfect Spy about?
Who is the author of A Perfect Spy?
When was A Perfect Spy published?
What is the genre of A Perfect Spy?
How many pages does A Perfect Spy have?
Can you summarize A Perfect Spy?
What is Bolt about?
Who is the author of Bolt?
When was Bolt published?
What is the genre of Bolt?
How many pages does Bolt have?
Can you summarize Bolt?
What is The Complete Maus about?
Who is the author of The Complete Maus?
When was The Complete Maus published?
What is the genre of The Complete Maus?
How many pages does The Complete Maus have?
Can you summarize The Complete Maus?
What is The story of English about?
Who is the author of The story of English?
When was The story of English published?
What is the genre of The story of English?
How many pages does The story of English have?
Can you summarize The story of English?
What is A Darkness at Sethanon about?
Who is the author of A Darkness at Sethanon?
When was A Darkness at Sethanon published?
What is the genre of A Darkness at Sethanon?
How many pages does A Darkness at Sethanon have?
Can you summarize A Darkness at Sethanon?
What is Nerilka's Story about?
Who is the author of Nerilka's Story?
When was Nerilka's Story published?
What is the genre of Nerilka's Story?
How many pages does Nerilka's Story have?
Can you summarize Nerilka's Story?
What is Time of the Twins about?
Who is the author of Time of the Twins?
When was Time of the Twins published?
What is the genre of Time of the Twins?
How many pages does Time of the Twins have?
Can you summarize Time of the Twins?
What is Meet Kirsten, an American girl about?
Who is the author of Meet Kirsten, an American girl?
When was Meet Kirsten, an American girl published?
What is the genre of Meet Kirsten, an American girl?
How many pages does Meet Kirsten, an American girl have?
Can you summarize Meet Kirsten, an American girl?
What is Beatrix Potter Complete Tales R/I about?
Who is the author of Beatrix Potter Complete Tales R/I?
When was Beatrix Potter Complete Tales R/I published?
What is the genre of Beatrix Potter Complete Tales R/I?
How many pages does Beatrix Potter Complete Tales R/I have?
Can you summarize Beatrix Potter Complete Tales R/I?
What is Writing Down the Bones about?
Who is the author of Writing Down the Bones?
When was Writing Down the Bones published?
What is the genre of Writing Down the Bones?
How many pages does Writing Down the Bones have?
Can you summarize Writing Down the Bones?
What is Replay about?
Who is the author of Replay?
When was Replay published?
What is the genre of Replay?
How many pages does Replay have?
Can you summarize Replay?
What is The Making of the Atomic Bomb about?
Who is the author of The Making of the Atomic Bomb?
When was The Making of the Atomic Bomb published?
What is the genre of The Making of the Atomic Bomb?
How many pages does The Making of the Atomic Bomb have?
Can you summarize The Making of the Atomic Bomb?
What is Ellen Foster about?
Who is the author of Ellen Foster?
When was Ellen Foster published?
What is the genre of Ellen Foster?
How many pages does Ellen Foster have?
Can you summarize Ellen Foster?
What is This present darkness about?
Who is the author of This present darkness?
When was This present darkness published?
What is the genre of This present darkness?
How many pages does This present darkness have?
Can you summarize This present darkness?
What is Tourist Season about?
Who is the author of Tourist Season?
When was Tourist Season published?
What is the genre of Tourist Season?
How many pages does Tourist Season have?
Can you summarize Tourist Season?
What is The sportswriter about?
Who is the author of The sportswriter?
When was The sportswriter published?
What is the genre of The sportswriter?
How many pages does The sportswriter have?
Can you summarize The sportswriter?
What is This Place Has No Atmosphere about?
Who is the author of This Place Has No Atmosphere?
When was This Place Has No Atmosphere published?
What is the genre of This Place Has No Atmosphere?
How many pages does This Place Has No Atmosphere have?
Can you summarize This Place Has No Atmosphere?
What is Fences about?
Who is the author of Fences?
When was Fences published?
What is the genre of Fences?
How many pages does Fences have?
Can you summarize Fences?
What is I Am the Only Running Footman about?
Who is the author of I Am the Only Running Footman?
When was I Am the Only Running Footman published?
What is the genre of I Am the Only Running Footman?
How many pages does I Am the Only Running Footman have?
Can you summarize I Am the Only Running Footman?
What is The Cat Who Saw Red about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Saw Red?
When was The Cat Who Saw Red published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Saw Red?
How many pages does The Cat Who Saw Red have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Saw Red?
What is James Herriot's Dog Stories about?
Who is the author of James Herriot's Dog Stories?
When was James Herriot's Dog Stories published?
What is the genre of James Herriot's Dog Stories?
How many pages does James Herriot's Dog Stories have?
Can you summarize James Herriot's Dog Stories?
What is A dark-adapted eye about?
Who is the author of A dark-adapted eye?
When was A dark-adapted eye published?
What is the genre of A dark-adapted eye?
How many pages does A dark-adapted eye have?
Can you summarize A dark-adapted eye?
What is Count Zero about?
Who is the author of Count Zero?
When was Count Zero published?
What is the genre of Count Zero?
How many pages does Count Zero have?
Can you summarize Count Zero?
What is The Bridge about?
Who is the author of The Bridge?
When was The Bridge published?
What is the genre of The Bridge?
How many pages does The Bridge have?
Can you summarize The Bridge?
What is Marooned in Realtime about?
Who is the author of Marooned in Realtime?
When was Marooned in Realtime published?
What is the genre of Marooned in Realtime?
How many pages does Marooned in Realtime have?
Can you summarize Marooned in Realtime?
What is Many Waters about?
Who is the author of Many Waters?
When was Many Waters published?
What is the genre of Many Waters?
How many pages does Many Waters have?
Can you summarize Many Waters?
What is Animalia about?
Who is the author of Animalia?
When was Animalia published?
What is the genre of Animalia?
How many pages does Animalia have?
Can you summarize Animalia?
What is Wait Till Helen Comes about?
Who is the author of Wait Till Helen Comes?
When was Wait Till Helen Comes published?
What is the genre of Wait Till Helen Comes?
How many pages does Wait Till Helen Comes have?
Can you summarize Wait Till Helen Comes?
What is Re/Search #10 about?
Who is the author of Re/Search #10?
When was Re/Search #10 published?
What is the genre of Re/Search #10?
How many pages does Re/Search #10 have?
Can you summarize Re/Search #10?
What is Banana Fish, Vol. 1 about?
Who is the author of Banana Fish, Vol. 1?
When was Banana Fish, Vol. 1 published?
What is the genre of Banana Fish, Vol. 1?
How many pages does Banana Fish, Vol. 1 have?
Can you summarize Banana Fish, Vol. 1?
What is Sword-Dancer about?
Who is the author of Sword-Dancer?
When was Sword-Dancer published?
What is the genre of Sword-Dancer?
How many pages does Sword-Dancer have?
Can you summarize Sword-Dancer?
What is Burning chrome about?
Who is the author of Burning chrome?
When was Burning chrome published?
What is the genre of Burning chrome?
How many pages does Burning chrome have?
Can you summarize Burning chrome?
What is Leo Africanus about?
Who is the author of Leo Africanus?
When was Leo Africanus published?
What is the genre of Leo Africanus?
How many pages does Leo Africanus have?
Can you summarize Leo Africanus?
What is War of the twins about?
Who is the author of War of the twins?
When was War of the twins published?
What is the genre of War of the twins?
How many pages does War of the twins have?
Can you summarize War of the twins?
What is Best Friends about?
Who is the author of Best Friends?
When was Best Friends published?
What is the genre of Best Friends?
How many pages does Best Friends have?
Can you summarize Best Friends?
What is All I really need to know I learned in kindergarten about?
Who is the author of All I really need to know I learned in kindergarten?
When was All I really need to know I learned in kindergarten published?
What is the genre of All I really need to know I learned in kindergarten?
How many pages does All I really need to know I learned in kindergarten have?
Can you summarize All I really need to know I learned in kindergarten?
What is The Stone Raft about?
Who is the author of The Stone Raft?
When was The Stone Raft published?
What is the genre of The Stone Raft?
How many pages does The Stone Raft have?
Can you summarize The Stone Raft?
What is Test of the Twins (Dragonlance: Dragonlance Legends) about?
Who is the author of Test of the Twins (Dragonlance: Dragonlance Legends)?
When was Test of the Twins (Dragonlance: Dragonlance Legends) published?
What is the genre of Test of the Twins (Dragonlance: Dragonlance Legends)?
How many pages does Test of the Twins (Dragonlance: Dragonlance Legends) have?
Can you summarize Test of the Twins (Dragonlance: Dragonlance Legends)?
What is The Lady in the Tower about?
Who is the author of The Lady in the Tower?
When was The Lady in the Tower published?
What is the genre of The Lady in the Tower?
How many pages does The Lady in the Tower have?
Can you summarize The Lady in the Tower?
What is Sheep in a jeep about?
Who is the author of Sheep in a jeep?
When was Sheep in a jeep published?
What is the genre of Sheep in a jeep?
How many pages does Sheep in a jeep have?
Can you summarize Sheep in a jeep?
What is Henry and June about?
Who is the author of Henry and June?
When was Henry and June published?
What is the genre of Henry and June?
How many pages does Henry and June have?
Can you summarize Henry and June?
What is When the Sacred Ginmill Closes (Matt Scudder Mystery) about?
Who is the author of When the Sacred Ginmill Closes (Matt Scudder Mystery)?
When was When the Sacred Ginmill Closes (Matt Scudder Mystery) published?
What is the genre of When the Sacred Ginmill Closes (Matt Scudder Mystery)?
How many pages does When the Sacred Ginmill Closes (Matt Scudder Mystery) have?
Can you summarize When the Sacred Ginmill Closes (Matt Scudder Mystery)?
What is Travels in Hyperreality (Harvest Book) about?
Who is the author of Travels in Hyperreality (Harvest Book)?
When was Travels in Hyperreality (Harvest Book) published?
What is the genre of Travels in Hyperreality (Harvest Book)?
How many pages does Travels in Hyperreality (Harvest Book) have?
Can you summarize Travels in Hyperreality (Harvest Book)?
What is The Chronicles of Mavin Manyshaped about?
Who is the author of The Chronicles of Mavin Manyshaped?
When was The Chronicles of Mavin Manyshaped published?
What is the genre of The Chronicles of Mavin Manyshaped?
How many pages does The Chronicles of Mavin Manyshaped have?
Can you summarize The Chronicles of Mavin Manyshaped?
What is Extinction about?
Who is the author of Extinction?
When was Extinction published?
What is the genre of Extinction?
How many pages does Extinction have?
Can you summarize Extinction?
What is Cyclops (Clive Cussler) about?
Who is the author of Cyclops (Clive Cussler)?
When was Cyclops (Clive Cussler) published?
What is the genre of Cyclops (Clive Cussler)?
How many pages does Cyclops (Clive Cussler) have?
Can you summarize Cyclops (Clive Cussler)?
What is Yarrow about?
Who is the author of Yarrow?
When was Yarrow published?
What is the genre of Yarrow?
How many pages does Yarrow have?
Can you summarize Yarrow?
What is Stotan! about?
Who is the author of Stotan!?
When was Stotan! published?
What is the genre of Stotan!?
How many pages does Stotan! have?
Can you summarize Stotan!?
What is As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories about?
Who is the author of As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories?
When was As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories published?
What is the genre of As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories?
How many pages does As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories have?
Can you summarize As Birds Bring Forth the Sun and Other Stories?
What is The Civil War, Volume Two about?
Who is the author of The Civil War, Volume Two?
When was The Civil War, Volume Two published?
What is the genre of The Civil War, Volume Two?
How many pages does The Civil War, Volume Two have?
Can you summarize The Civil War, Volume Two?
What is I, Tituba, black witch of Salem about?
Who is the author of I, Tituba, black witch of Salem?
When was I, Tituba, black witch of Salem published?
What is the genre of I, Tituba, black witch of Salem?
How many pages does I, Tituba, black witch of Salem have?
Can you summarize I, Tituba, black witch of Salem?
What is The drowned and the saved about?
Who is the author of The drowned and the saved?
When was The drowned and the saved published?
What is the genre of The drowned and the saved?
How many pages does The drowned and the saved have?
Can you summarize The drowned and the saved?
What is The Oxford book of English ghost stories about?
Who is the author of The Oxford book of English ghost stories?
When was The Oxford book of English ghost stories published?
What is the genre of The Oxford book of English ghost stories?
How many pages does The Oxford book of English ghost stories have?
Can you summarize The Oxford book of English ghost stories?
What is The wandering fire about?
Who is the author of The wandering fire?
When was The wandering fire published?
What is the genre of The wandering fire?
How many pages does The wandering fire have?
Can you summarize The wandering fire?
What is The Unlikely Ones about?
Who is the author of The Unlikely Ones?
When was The Unlikely Ones published?
What is the genre of The Unlikely Ones?
How many pages does The Unlikely Ones have?
Can you summarize The Unlikely Ones?
What is Xorandor about?
Who is the author of Xorandor?
When was Xorandor published?
What is the genre of Xorandor?
How many pages does Xorandor have?
Can you summarize Xorandor?
What is The Songs of Distant Earth about?
Who is the author of The Songs of Distant Earth?
When was The Songs of Distant Earth published?
What is the genre of The Songs of Distant Earth?
How many pages does The Songs of Distant Earth have?
Can you summarize The Songs of Distant Earth?
What is The Bog about?
Who is the author of The Bog?
When was The Bog published?
What is the genre of The Bog?
How many pages does The Bog have?
Can you summarize The Bog?
What is The Rat about?
Who is the author of The Rat?
When was The Rat published?
What is the genre of The Rat?
How many pages does The Rat have?
Can you summarize The Rat?
What is Grania about?
Who is the author of Grania?
When was Grania published?
What is the genre of Grania?
How many pages does Grania have?
Can you summarize Grania?
What is Hollywood husbands about?
Who is the author of Hollywood husbands?
When was Hollywood husbands published?
What is the genre of Hollywood husbands?
How many pages does Hollywood husbands have?
Can you summarize Hollywood husbands?
What is Under the jaguar sun about?
Who is the author of Under the jaguar sun?
When was Under the jaguar sun published?
What is the genre of Under the jaguar sun?
How many pages does Under the jaguar sun have?
Can you summarize Under the jaguar sun?
What is The triumph of politics about?
Who is the author of The triumph of politics?
When was The triumph of politics published?
What is the genre of The triumph of politics?
How many pages does The triumph of politics have?
Can you summarize The triumph of politics?
What is Cadillac desert about?
Who is the author of Cadillac desert?
When was Cadillac desert published?
What is the genre of Cadillac desert?
How many pages does Cadillac desert have?
Can you summarize Cadillac desert?
What is Landscape for a good woman about?
Who is the author of Landscape for a good woman?
When was Landscape for a good woman published?
What is the genre of Landscape for a good woman?
How many pages does Landscape for a good woman have?
Can you summarize Landscape for a good woman?
What is Scandal about?
Who is the author of Scandal?
When was Scandal published?
What is the genre of Scandal?
How many pages does Scandal have?
Can you summarize Scandal?
What is The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks about?
Who is the author of The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks?
When was The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks published?
What is the genre of The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks?
How many pages does The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks have?
Can you summarize The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks?
What is The Student Body about?
Who is the author of The Student Body?
When was The Student Body published?
What is the genre of The Student Body?
How many pages does The Student Body have?
Can you summarize The Student Body?
What is Beloved about?
Who is the author of Beloved?
When was Beloved published?
What is the genre of Beloved?
How many pages does Beloved have?
Can you summarize Beloved?
What is Misery about?
Who is the author of Misery?
When was Misery published?
What is the genre of Misery?
How many pages does Misery have?
Can you summarize Misery?
What is The Dark Tower II about?
Who is the author of The Dark Tower II?
When was The Dark Tower II published?
What is the genre of The Dark Tower II?
How many pages does The Dark Tower II have?
Can you summarize The Dark Tower II?
What is Watchmen about?
Who is the author of Watchmen?
When was Watchmen published?
What is the genre of Watchmen?
How many pages does Watchmen have?
Can you summarize Watchmen?
What is CALVIN AND HOBBES about?
Who is the author of CALVIN AND HOBBES?
When was CALVIN AND HOBBES published?
What is the genre of CALVIN AND HOBBES?
How many pages does CALVIN AND HOBBES have?
Can you summarize CALVIN AND HOBBES?
What is Equal rites about?
Who is the author of Equal rites?
When was Equal rites published?
What is the genre of Equal rites?
How many pages does Equal rites have?
Can you summarize Equal rites?
What is Fried green tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe about?
Who is the author of Fried green tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe?
When was Fried green tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe published?
What is the genre of Fried green tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe?
How many pages does Fried green tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe have?
Can you summarize Fried green tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe?
What is The Long Walk about?
Who is the author of The Long Walk?
When was The Long Walk published?
What is the genre of The Long Walk?
How many pages does The Long Walk have?
Can you summarize The Long Walk?
What is The Complete Maus about?
Who is the author of The Complete Maus?
When was The Complete Maus published?
What is the genre of The Complete Maus?
How many pages does The Complete Maus have?
Can you summarize The Complete Maus?
What is Patriot Games about?
Who is the author of Patriot Games?
When was Patriot Games published?
What is the genre of Patriot Games?
How many pages does Patriot Games have?
Can you summarize Patriot Games?
What is La ballade de l'impossible about?
Who is the author of La ballade de l'impossible?
When was La ballade de l'impossible published?
What is the genre of La ballade de l'impossible?
How many pages does La ballade de l'impossible have?
Can you summarize La ballade de l'impossible?
What is Hatchet about?
Who is the author of Hatchet?
When was Hatchet published?
What is the genre of Hatchet?
How many pages does Hatchet have?
Can you summarize Hatchet?
What is Consider Phlebas about?
Who is the author of Consider Phlebas?
When was Consider Phlebas published?
What is the genre of Consider Phlebas?
How many pages does Consider Phlebas have?
Can you summarize Consider Phlebas?
What is Sarum about?
Who is the author of Sarum?
When was Sarum published?
What is the genre of Sarum?
How many pages does Sarum have?
Can you summarize Sarum?
What is The New York trilogy about?
Who is the author of The New York trilogy?
When was The New York trilogy published?
What is the genre of The New York trilogy?
How many pages does The New York trilogy have?
Can you summarize The New York trilogy?
What is The Shell Seekers about?
Who is the author of The Shell Seekers?
When was The Shell Seekers published?
What is the genre of The Shell Seekers?
How many pages does The Shell Seekers have?
Can you summarize The Shell Seekers?
What is Moon Tiger about?
Who is the author of Moon Tiger?
When was Moon Tiger published?
What is the genre of Moon Tiger?
How many pages does Moon Tiger have?
Can you summarize Moon Tiger?
What is Redwall about?
Who is the author of Redwall?
When was Redwall published?
What is the genre of Redwall?
How many pages does Redwall have?
Can you summarize Redwall?
What is The Black Dahlia about?
Who is the author of The Black Dahlia?
When was The Black Dahlia published?
What is the genre of The Black Dahlia?
How many pages does The Black Dahlia have?
Can you summarize The Black Dahlia?
What is And the Band Played On about?
Who is the author of And the Band Played On?
When was And the Band Played On published?
What is the genre of And the Band Played On?
How many pages does And the Band Played On have?
Can you summarize And the Band Played On?
What is The whale rider about?
Who is the author of The whale rider?
When was The whale rider published?
What is the genre of The whale rider?
How many pages does The whale rider have?
Can you summarize The whale rider?
What is Seventh Son (Tales of Alvin Maker, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Seventh Son (Tales of Alvin Maker, Book 1)?
When was Seventh Son (Tales of Alvin Maker, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Seventh Son (Tales of Alvin Maker, Book 1)?
How many pages does Seventh Son (Tales of Alvin Maker, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Seventh Son (Tales of Alvin Maker, Book 1)?
What is War for the Oaks about?
Who is the author of War for the Oaks?
When was War for the Oaks published?
What is the genre of War for the Oaks?
How many pages does War for the Oaks have?
Can you summarize War for the Oaks?
What is Commitments about?
Who is the author of Commitments?
When was Commitments published?
What is the genre of Commitments?
How many pages does Commitments have?
Can you summarize Commitments?
What is TEXASVILLE  about?
Who is the author of TEXASVILLE ?
When was TEXASVILLE  published?
What is the genre of TEXASVILLE ?
How many pages does TEXASVILLE  have?
Can you summarize TEXASVILLE ?
What is Eva Luna about?
Who is the author of Eva Luna?
When was Eva Luna published?
What is the genre of Eva Luna?
How many pages does Eva Luna have?
Can you summarize Eva Luna?
What is Postcards from the Edge about?
Who is the author of Postcards from the Edge?
When was Postcards from the Edge published?
What is the genre of Postcards from the Edge?
How many pages does Postcards from the Edge have?
Can you summarize Postcards from the Edge?
What is Hot money about?
Who is the author of Hot money?
When was Hot money published?
What is the genre of Hot money?
How many pages does Hot money have?
Can you summarize Hot money?
What is The Cat Who Played Post Office (A Jim Qwilleran Feline Whodunnit) about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Played Post Office (A Jim Qwilleran Feline Whodunnit)?
When was The Cat Who Played Post Office (A Jim Qwilleran Feline Whodunnit) published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Played Post Office (A Jim Qwilleran Feline Whodunnit)?
How many pages does The Cat Who Played Post Office (A Jim Qwilleran Feline Whodunnit) have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Played Post Office (A Jim Qwilleran Feline Whodunnit)?
What is The haunted mesa about?
Who is the author of The haunted mesa?
When was The haunted mesa published?
What is the genre of The haunted mesa?
How many pages does The haunted mesa have?
Can you summarize The haunted mesa?
What is Gallows View about?
Who is the author of Gallows View?
When was Gallows View published?
What is the genre of Gallows View?
How many pages does Gallows View have?
Can you summarize Gallows View?
What is In the skin of a lion about?
Who is the author of In the skin of a lion?
When was In the skin of a lion published?
What is the genre of In the skin of a lion?
How many pages does In the skin of a lion have?
Can you summarize In the skin of a lion?
What is The Uplift War (The Uplift Saga, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of The Uplift War (The Uplift Saga, Book 3)?
When was The Uplift War (The Uplift Saga, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of The Uplift War (The Uplift Saga, Book 3)?
How many pages does The Uplift War (The Uplift Saga, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize The Uplift War (The Uplift Saga, Book 3)?
What is The Cat Who Played Brahms about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Played Brahms?
When was The Cat Who Played Brahms published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Played Brahms?
How many pages does The Cat Who Played Brahms have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Played Brahms?
What is On Stranger Tides about?
Who is the author of On Stranger Tides?
When was On Stranger Tides published?
What is the genre of On Stranger Tides?
How many pages does On Stranger Tides have?
Can you summarize On Stranger Tides?
What is Anne Frank Remembered about?
Who is the author of Anne Frank Remembered?
When was Anne Frank Remembered published?
What is the genre of Anne Frank Remembered?
How many pages does Anne Frank Remembered have?
Can you summarize Anne Frank Remembered?
What is 2061 about?
Who is the author of 2061?
When was 2061 published?
What is the genre of 2061?
How many pages does 2061 have?
Can you summarize 2061?
What is There's a boy in the girls' bathroom about?
Who is the author of There's a boy in the girls' bathroom?
When was There's a boy in the girls' bathroom published?
What is the genre of There's a boy in the girls' bathroom?
How many pages does There's a boy in the girls' bathroom have?
Can you summarize There's a boy in the girls' bathroom?
What is Arrows of the Queen ( The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Arrows of the Queen ( The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 1)?
When was Arrows of the Queen ( The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Arrows of the Queen ( The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 1)?
How many pages does Arrows of the Queen ( The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Arrows of the Queen ( The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 1)?
What is Presumed Innocent about?
Who is the author of Presumed Innocent?
When was Presumed Innocent published?
What is the genre of Presumed Innocent?
How many pages does Presumed Innocent have?
Can you summarize Presumed Innocent?
What is Whip Hand about?
Who is the author of Whip Hand?
When was Whip Hand published?
What is the genre of Whip Hand?
How many pages does Whip Hand have?
Can you summarize Whip Hand?
What is Henry And Mudge In Puddle Trouble about?
Who is the author of Henry And Mudge In Puddle Trouble?
When was Henry And Mudge In Puddle Trouble published?
What is the genre of Henry And Mudge In Puddle Trouble?
How many pages does Henry And Mudge In Puddle Trouble have?
Can you summarize Henry And Mudge In Puddle Trouble?
What is The Door about?
Who is the author of The Door?
When was The Door published?
What is the genre of The Door?
How many pages does The Door have?
Can you summarize The Door?
What is Dawn about?
Who is the author of Dawn?
When was Dawn published?
What is the genre of Dawn?
How many pages does Dawn have?
Can you summarize Dawn?
What is Sweet Revenge about?
Who is the author of Sweet Revenge?
When was Sweet Revenge published?
What is the genre of Sweet Revenge?
How many pages does Sweet Revenge have?
Can you summarize Sweet Revenge?
What is Knots and Crosses (Inspector Rebus Novels) about?
Who is the author of Knots and Crosses (Inspector Rebus Novels)?
When was Knots and Crosses (Inspector Rebus Novels) published?
What is the genre of Knots and Crosses (Inspector Rebus Novels)?
How many pages does Knots and Crosses (Inspector Rebus Novels) have?
Can you summarize Knots and Crosses (Inspector Rebus Novels)?
What is Der Geschichtenerzähler about?
Who is the author of Der Geschichtenerzähler?
When was Der Geschichtenerzähler published?
What is the genre of Der Geschichtenerzähler?
How many pages does Der Geschichtenerzähler have?
Can you summarize Der Geschichtenerzähler?
What is Pale Kings and Princes about?
Who is the author of Pale Kings and Princes?
When was Pale Kings and Princes published?
What is the genre of Pale Kings and Princes?
How many pages does Pale Kings and Princes have?
Can you summarize Pale Kings and Princes?
What is Heaven and Hell (North and South Trilogy Series Volume 3) about?
Who is the author of Heaven and Hell (North and South Trilogy Series Volume 3)?
When was Heaven and Hell (North and South Trilogy Series Volume 3) published?
What is the genre of Heaven and Hell (North and South Trilogy Series Volume 3)?
How many pages does Heaven and Hell (North and South Trilogy Series Volume 3) have?
Can you summarize Heaven and Hell (North and South Trilogy Series Volume 3)?
What is Outbreak about?
Who is the author of Outbreak?
When was Outbreak published?
What is the genre of Outbreak?
How many pages does Outbreak have?
Can you summarize Outbreak?
What is Bitter Medicine (A V. I. Warshawski Novel) about?
Who is the author of Bitter Medicine (A V. I. Warshawski Novel)?
When was Bitter Medicine (A V. I. Warshawski Novel) published?
What is the genre of Bitter Medicine (A V. I. Warshawski Novel)?
How many pages does Bitter Medicine (A V. I. Warshawski Novel) have?
Can you summarize Bitter Medicine (A V. I. Warshawski Novel)?
What is Over the Edge (Alex Delaware) about?
Who is the author of Over the Edge (Alex Delaware)?
When was Over the Edge (Alex Delaware) published?
What is the genre of Over the Edge (Alex Delaware)?
How many pages does Over the Edge (Alex Delaware) have?
Can you summarize Over the Edge (Alex Delaware)?
What is Lincoln's Dreams about?
Who is the author of Lincoln's Dreams?
When was Lincoln's Dreams published?
What is the genre of Lincoln's Dreams?
How many pages does Lincoln's Dreams have?
Can you summarize Lincoln's Dreams?
What is Batman about?
Who is the author of Batman?
When was Batman published?
What is the genre of Batman?
How many pages does Batman have?
Can you summarize Batman?
What is Weaveworld (Voyager Classics) about?
Who is the author of Weaveworld (Voyager Classics)?
When was Weaveworld (Voyager Classics) published?
What is the genre of Weaveworld (Voyager Classics)?
How many pages does Weaveworld (Voyager Classics) have?
Can you summarize Weaveworld (Voyager Classics)?
What is The Black Unicorn (Magic Kingdom of Landover) about?
Who is the author of The Black Unicorn (Magic Kingdom of Landover)?
When was The Black Unicorn (Magic Kingdom of Landover) published?
What is the genre of The Black Unicorn (Magic Kingdom of Landover)?
How many pages does The Black Unicorn (Magic Kingdom of Landover) have?
Can you summarize The Black Unicorn (Magic Kingdom of Landover)?
What is Bones of the Moon about?
Who is the author of Bones of the Moon?
When was Bones of the Moon published?
What is the genre of Bones of the Moon?
How many pages does Bones of the Moon have?
Can you summarize Bones of the Moon?
What is Life during wartime about?
Who is the author of Life during wartime?
When was Life during wartime published?
What is the genre of Life during wartime?
How many pages does Life during wartime have?
Can you summarize Life during wartime?
What is Arrow's Flight (The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Arrow's Flight (The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 2)?
When was Arrow's Flight (The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Arrow's Flight (The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 2)?
How many pages does Arrow's Flight (The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Arrow's Flight (The Heralds of Valdemar, Book 2)?
What is Firefly Summer about?
Who is the author of Firefly Summer?
When was Firefly Summer published?
What is the genre of Firefly Summer?
How many pages does Firefly Summer have?
Can you summarize Firefly Summer?
What is The Cat Who Came for Christmas about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Came for Christmas?
When was The Cat Who Came for Christmas published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Came for Christmas?
How many pages does The Cat Who Came for Christmas have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Came for Christmas?
What is The book and the brotherhood about?
Who is the author of The book and the brotherhood?
When was The book and the brotherhood published?
What is the genre of The book and the brotherhood?
How many pages does The book and the brotherhood have?
Can you summarize The book and the brotherhood?
What is Crossing to Safety about?
Who is the author of Crossing to Safety?
When was Crossing to Safety published?
What is the genre of Crossing to Safety?
How many pages does Crossing to Safety have?
Can you summarize Crossing to Safety?
What is The hermit of Eyton Forest about?
Who is the author of The hermit of Eyton Forest?
When was The hermit of Eyton Forest published?
What is the genre of The hermit of Eyton Forest?
How many pages does The hermit of Eyton Forest have?
Can you summarize The hermit of Eyton Forest?
What is Henry And Mudge the First Book: The First Book Of Their Adventures about?
Who is the author of Henry And Mudge the First Book: The First Book Of Their Adventures?
When was Henry And Mudge the First Book: The First Book Of Their Adventures published?
What is the genre of Henry And Mudge the First Book: The First Book Of Their Adventures?
How many pages does Henry And Mudge the First Book: The First Book Of Their Adventures have?
Can you summarize Henry And Mudge the First Book: The First Book Of Their Adventures?
What is The Closing of the American Mind about?
Who is the author of The Closing of the American Mind?
When was The Closing of the American Mind published?
What is the genre of The Closing of the American Mind?
How many pages does The Closing of the American Mind have?
Can you summarize The Closing of the American Mind?
What is The Gate to Women's Country about?
Who is the author of The Gate to Women's Country?
When was The Gate to Women's Country published?
What is the genre of The Gate to Women's Country?
How many pages does The Gate to Women's Country have?
Can you summarize The Gate to Women's Country?
What is The Neon Rain about?
Who is the author of The Neon Rain?
When was The Neon Rain published?
What is the genre of The Neon Rain?
How many pages does The Neon Rain have?
Can you summarize The Neon Rain?
What is A fatal inversion about?
Who is the author of A fatal inversion?
When was A fatal inversion published?
What is the genre of A fatal inversion?
How many pages does A fatal inversion have?
Can you summarize A fatal inversion?
What is Myths of gender about?
Who is the author of Myths of gender?
When was Myths of gender published?
What is the genre of Myths of gender?
How many pages does Myths of gender have?
Can you summarize Myths of gender?
What is Charly about?
Who is the author of Charly?
When was Charly published?
What is the genre of Charly?
How many pages does Charly have?
Can you summarize Charly?
What is Borderlands/La Frontera about?
Who is the author of Borderlands/La Frontera?
When was Borderlands/La Frontera published?
What is the genre of Borderlands/La Frontera?
How many pages does Borderlands/La Frontera have?
Can you summarize Borderlands/La Frontera?
What is Into the woods about?
Who is the author of Into the woods?
When was Into the woods published?
What is the genre of Into the woods?
How many pages does Into the woods have?
Can you summarize Into the woods?
What is Te kaihau = The windeater about?
Who is the author of Te kaihau = The windeater?
When was Te kaihau = The windeater published?
What is the genre of Te kaihau = The windeater?
How many pages does Te kaihau = The windeater have?
Can you summarize Te kaihau = The windeater?
What is Team Yankee about?
Who is the author of Team Yankee?
When was Team Yankee published?
What is the genre of Team Yankee?
How many pages does Team Yankee have?
Can you summarize Team Yankee?
What is The American Ambassador about?
Who is the author of The American Ambassador?
When was The American Ambassador published?
What is the genre of The American Ambassador?
How many pages does The American Ambassador have?
Can you summarize The American Ambassador?
What is The Content of the Form about?
Who is the author of The Content of the Form?
When was The Content of the Form published?
What is the genre of The Content of the Form?
How many pages does The Content of the Form have?
Can you summarize The Content of the Form?
What is Ellen Foster about?
Who is the author of Ellen Foster?
When was Ellen Foster published?
What is the genre of Ellen Foster?
How many pages does Ellen Foster have?
Can you summarize Ellen Foster?
What is Strega about?
Who is the author of Strega?
When was Strega published?
What is the genre of Strega?
How many pages does Strega have?
Can you summarize Strega?
What is Oscar Wilde about?
Who is the author of Oscar Wilde?
When was Oscar Wilde published?
What is the genre of Oscar Wilde?
How many pages does Oscar Wilde have?
Can you summarize Oscar Wilde?
What is Three tales of my father's dragon about?
Who is the author of Three tales of my father's dragon?
When was Three tales of my father's dragon published?
What is the genre of Three tales of my father's dragon?
How many pages does Three tales of my father's dragon have?
Can you summarize Three tales of my father's dragon?
What is Wyrms about?
Who is the author of Wyrms?
When was Wyrms published?
What is the genre of Wyrms?
How many pages does Wyrms have?
Can you summarize Wyrms?
What is Arkansas Testament about?
Who is the author of Arkansas Testament?
When was Arkansas Testament published?
What is the genre of Arkansas Testament?
How many pages does Arkansas Testament have?
Can you summarize Arkansas Testament?
What is Once and Always about?
Who is the author of Once and Always?
When was Once and Always published?
What is the genre of Once and Always?
How many pages does Once and Always have?
Can you summarize Once and Always?
What is The Urth of the New Sun about?
Who is the author of The Urth of the New Sun?
When was The Urth of the New Sun published?
What is the genre of The Urth of the New Sun?
How many pages does The Urth of the New Sun have?
Can you summarize The Urth of the New Sun?
What is The rules of attraction about?
Who is the author of The rules of attraction?
When was The rules of attraction published?
What is the genre of The rules of attraction?
How many pages does The rules of attraction have?
Can you summarize The rules of attraction?
What is The Passion about?
Who is the author of The Passion?
When was The Passion published?
What is the genre of The Passion?
How many pages does The Passion have?
Can you summarize The Passion?
What is The Year's best science fiction about?
Who is the author of The Year's best science fiction?
When was The Year's best science fiction published?
What is the genre of The Year's best science fiction?
How many pages does The Year's best science fiction have?
Can you summarize The Year's best science fiction?
What is Dancing at the Rascal Fair about?
Who is the author of Dancing at the Rascal Fair?
When was Dancing at the Rascal Fair published?
What is the genre of Dancing at the Rascal Fair?
How many pages does Dancing at the Rascal Fair have?
Can you summarize Dancing at the Rascal Fair?
What is Matilda about?
Who is the author of Matilda?
When was Matilda published?
What is the genre of Matilda?
How many pages does Matilda have?
Can you summarize Matilda?
What is A Brief History of Time about?
Who is the author of A Brief History of Time?
When was A Brief History of Time published?
What is the genre of A Brief History of Time?
How many pages does A Brief History of Time have?
Can you summarize A Brief History of Time?
What is The essential Calvin and Hobbes about?
Who is the author of The essential Calvin and Hobbes?
When was The essential Calvin and Hobbes published?
What is the genre of The essential Calvin and Hobbes?
How many pages does The essential Calvin and Hobbes have?
Can you summarize The essential Calvin and Hobbes?
What is The Alchemist about?
Who is the author of The Alchemist?
When was The Alchemist published?
What is the genre of The Alchemist?
How many pages does The Alchemist have?
Can you summarize The Alchemist?
What is Wyrd Sisters about?
Who is the author of Wyrd Sisters?
When was Wyrd Sisters published?
What is the genre of Wyrd Sisters?
How many pages does Wyrd Sisters have?
Can you summarize Wyrd Sisters?
What is The Queen of the Damned (Vampire Chronicles) about?
Who is the author of The Queen of the Damned (Vampire Chronicles)?
When was The Queen of the Damned (Vampire Chronicles) published?
What is the genre of The Queen of the Damned (Vampire Chronicles)?
How many pages does The Queen of the Damned (Vampire Chronicles) have?
Can you summarize The Queen of the Damned (Vampire Chronicles)?
What is The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul about?
Who is the author of The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
When was The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul published?
What is the genre of The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
How many pages does The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul have?
Can you summarize The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
What is The Satanic Verses about?
Who is the author of The Satanic Verses?
When was The Satanic Verses published?
What is the genre of The Satanic Verses?
How many pages does The Satanic Verses have?
Can you summarize The Satanic Verses?
What is Foucault's Pendulum about?
Who is the author of Foucault's Pendulum?
When was Foucault's Pendulum published?
What is the genre of Foucault's Pendulum?
How many pages does Foucault's Pendulum have?
Can you summarize Foucault's Pendulum?
What is The eight about?
Who is the author of The eight?
When was The eight published?
What is the genre of The eight?
How many pages does The eight have?
Can you summarize The eight?
What is All I Ever Really Needed to Know I Learned in Kindergarten about?
Who is the author of All I Ever Really Needed to Know I Learned in Kindergarten?
When was All I Ever Really Needed to Know I Learned in Kindergarten published?
What is the genre of All I Ever Really Needed to Know I Learned in Kindergarten?
How many pages does All I Ever Really Needed to Know I Learned in Kindergarten have?
Can you summarize All I Ever Really Needed to Know I Learned in Kindergarten?
What is Weirdos from Another Planet! about?
Who is the author of Weirdos from Another Planet!?
When was Weirdos from Another Planet! published?
What is the genre of Weirdos from Another Planet!?
How many pages does Weirdos from Another Planet! have?
Can you summarize Weirdos from Another Planet!?
What is Cat's Eye about?
Who is the author of Cat's Eye?
When was Cat's Eye published?
What is the genre of Cat's Eye?
How many pages does Cat's Eye have?
Can you summarize Cat's Eye?
What is Guess how much I love you about?
Who is the author of Guess how much I love you?
When was Guess how much I love you published?
What is the genre of Guess how much I love you?
How many pages does Guess how much I love you have?
Can you summarize Guess how much I love you?
What is Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness) about?
Who is the author of Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness)?
When was Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness) published?
What is the genre of Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness)?
How many pages does Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness) have?
Can you summarize Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness)?
What is The Dragonbone Chair (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn) about?
Who is the author of The Dragonbone Chair (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn)?
When was The Dragonbone Chair (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn) published?
What is the genre of The Dragonbone Chair (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn)?
How many pages does The Dragonbone Chair (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn) have?
Can you summarize The Dragonbone Chair (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn)?
What is The Bean Trees about?
Who is the author of The Bean Trees?
When was The Bean Trees published?
What is the genre of The Bean Trees?
How many pages does The Bean Trees have?
Can you summarize The Bean Trees?
What is Koko about?
Who is the author of Koko?
When was Koko published?
What is the genre of Koko?
How many pages does Koko have?
Can you summarize Koko?
What is OSCAR & LUCINDA. about?
Who is the author of OSCAR & LUCINDA.?
When was OSCAR & LUCINDA. published?
What is the genre of OSCAR & LUCINDA.?
How many pages does OSCAR & LUCINDA. have?
Can you summarize OSCAR & LUCINDA.?
What is The power of myth about?
Who is the author of The power of myth?
When was The power of myth published?
What is the genre of The power of myth?
How many pages does The power of myth have?
Can you summarize The power of myth?
What is The cardinal of the Kremlin about?
Who is the author of The cardinal of the Kremlin?
When was The cardinal of the Kremlin published?
What is the genre of The cardinal of the Kremlin?
How many pages does The cardinal of the Kremlin have?
Can you summarize The cardinal of the Kremlin?
What is Falling Free about?
Who is the author of Falling Free?
When was Falling Free published?
What is the genre of Falling Free?
How many pages does Falling Free have?
Can you summarize Falling Free?
What is Sheepfarmer's Daughter (The Deed of Paksenarrion, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Sheepfarmer's Daughter (The Deed of Paksenarrion, Book 1)?
When was Sheepfarmer's Daughter (The Deed of Paksenarrion, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Sheepfarmer's Daughter (The Deed of Paksenarrion, Book 1)?
How many pages does Sheepfarmer's Daughter (The Deed of Paksenarrion, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Sheepfarmer's Daughter (The Deed of Paksenarrion, Book 1)?
What is The authoritative Calvin and Hobbes about?
Who is the author of The authoritative Calvin and Hobbes?
When was The authoritative Calvin and Hobbes published?
What is the genre of The authoritative Calvin and Hobbes?
How many pages does The authoritative Calvin and Hobbes have?
Can you summarize The authoritative Calvin and Hobbes?
What is Alaska about?
Who is the author of Alaska?
When was Alaska published?
What is the genre of Alaska?
How many pages does Alaska have?
Can you summarize Alaska?
What is Breathing Lessons about?
Who is the author of Breathing Lessons?
When was Breathing Lessons published?
What is the genre of Breathing Lessons?
How many pages does Breathing Lessons have?
Can you summarize Breathing Lessons?
What is Catwings about?
Who is the author of Catwings?
When was Catwings published?
What is the genre of Catwings?
How many pages does Catwings have?
Can you summarize Catwings?
What is A Great Deliverance about?
Who is the author of A Great Deliverance?
When was A Great Deliverance published?
What is the genre of A Great Deliverance?
How many pages does A Great Deliverance have?
Can you summarize A Great Deliverance?
What is The fifth child about?
Who is the author of The fifth child?
When was The fifth child published?
What is the genre of The fifth child?
How many pages does The fifth child have?
Can you summarize The fifth child?
What is A Thief of Time (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) about?
Who is the author of A Thief of Time (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
When was A Thief of Time (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) published?
What is the genre of A Thief of Time (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
How many pages does A Thief of Time (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) have?
Can you summarize A Thief of Time (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
What is The player of games about?
Who is the author of The player of games?
When was The player of games published?
What is the genre of The player of games?
How many pages does The player of games have?
Can you summarize The player of games?
What is Briar Rose about?
Who is the author of Briar Rose?
When was Briar Rose published?
What is the genre of Briar Rose?
How many pages does Briar Rose have?
Can you summarize Briar Rose?
What is Cyteen about?
Who is the author of Cyteen?
When was Cyteen published?
What is the genre of Cyteen?
How many pages does Cyteen have?
Can you summarize Cyteen?
What is Dead Poets Society (The Script Publishing Project) about?
Who is the author of Dead Poets Society (The Script Publishing Project)?
When was Dead Poets Society (The Script Publishing Project) published?
What is the genre of Dead Poets Society (The Script Publishing Project)?
How many pages does Dead Poets Society (The Script Publishing Project) have?
Can you summarize Dead Poets Society (The Script Publishing Project)?
What is Wizard at Large (Magic Kingdom of Landover) about?
Who is the author of Wizard at Large (Magic Kingdom of Landover)?
When was Wizard at Large (Magic Kingdom of Landover) published?
What is the genre of Wizard at Large (Magic Kingdom of Landover)?
How many pages does Wizard at Large (Magic Kingdom of Landover) have?
Can you summarize Wizard at Large (Magic Kingdom of Landover)?
What is Kitchen about?
Who is the author of Kitchen?
When was Kitchen published?
What is the genre of Kitchen?
How many pages does Kitchen have?
Can you summarize Kitchen?
What is King of the Murgos (Malloreon) about?
Who is the author of King of the Murgos (Malloreon)?
When was King of the Murgos (Malloreon) published?
What is the genre of King of the Murgos (Malloreon)?
How many pages does King of the Murgos (Malloreon) have?
Can you summarize King of the Murgos (Malloreon)?
What is Demon Lord of Karanda (The Malloreon, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Demon Lord of Karanda (The Malloreon, Book 3)?
When was Demon Lord of Karanda (The Malloreon, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Demon Lord of Karanda (The Malloreon, Book 3)?
How many pages does Demon Lord of Karanda (The Malloreon, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Demon Lord of Karanda (The Malloreon, Book 3)?
What is The Cat Who Sniffed Glue about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Sniffed Glue?
When was The Cat Who Sniffed Glue published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Sniffed Glue?
How many pages does The Cat Who Sniffed Glue have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Sniffed Glue?
What is The confession of Brother Haluin about?
Who is the author of The confession of Brother Haluin?
When was The confession of Brother Haluin published?
What is the genre of The confession of Brother Haluin?
How many pages does The confession of Brother Haluin have?
Can you summarize The confession of Brother Haluin?
What is The Edge about?
Who is the author of The Edge?
When was The Edge published?
What is the genre of The Edge?
How many pages does The Edge have?
Can you summarize The Edge?
What is A Rare Benedictine about?
Who is the author of A Rare Benedictine?
When was A Rare Benedictine published?
What is the genre of A Rare Benedictine?
How many pages does A Rare Benedictine have?
Can you summarize A Rare Benedictine?
What is Lightning about?
Who is the author of Lightning?
When was Lightning published?
What is the genre of Lightning?
How many pages does Lightning have?
Can you summarize Lightning?
What is Where's Waldo Now? (Waldo) about?
Who is the author of Where's Waldo Now? (Waldo)?
When was Where's Waldo Now? (Waldo) published?
What is the genre of Where's Waldo Now? (Waldo)?
How many pages does Where's Waldo Now? (Waldo) have?
Can you summarize Where's Waldo Now? (Waldo)?
What is Brazen virtue about?
Who is the author of Brazen virtue?
When was Brazen virtue published?
What is the genre of Brazen virtue?
How many pages does Brazen virtue have?
Can you summarize Brazen virtue?
What is Tracks about?
Who is the author of Tracks?
When was Tracks published?
What is the genre of Tracks?
How many pages does Tracks have?
Can you summarize Tracks?
What is Sharpe's Rifles (Richard Sharpe's Adventure Series #6) about?
Who is the author of Sharpe's Rifles (Richard Sharpe's Adventure Series #6)?
When was Sharpe's Rifles (Richard Sharpe's Adventure Series #6) published?
What is the genre of Sharpe's Rifles (Richard Sharpe's Adventure Series #6)?
How many pages does Sharpe's Rifles (Richard Sharpe's Adventure Series #6) have?
Can you summarize Sharpe's Rifles (Richard Sharpe's Adventure Series #6)?
What is Sands of Time, the about?
Who is the author of Sands of Time, the?
When was Sands of Time, the published?
What is the genre of Sands of Time, the?
How many pages does Sands of Time, the have?
Can you summarize Sands of Time, the?
What is The Big Nowhere about?
Who is the author of The Big Nowhere?
When was The Big Nowhere published?
What is the genre of The Big Nowhere?
How many pages does The Big Nowhere have?
Can you summarize The Big Nowhere?
What is Crimson joy about?
Who is the author of Crimson joy?
When was Crimson joy published?
What is the genre of Crimson joy?
How many pages does Crimson joy have?
Can you summarize Crimson joy?
What is Kirsten Saves the Day about?
Who is the author of Kirsten Saves the Day?
When was Kirsten Saves the Day published?
What is the genre of Kirsten Saves the Day?
How many pages does Kirsten Saves the Day have?
Can you summarize Kirsten Saves the Day?
What is The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill about?
Who is the author of The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill?
When was The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill published?
What is the genre of The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill?
How many pages does The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill have?
Can you summarize The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill?
What is The Lion's Lady about?
Who is the author of The Lion's Lady?
When was The Lion's Lady published?
What is the genre of The Lion's Lady?
How many pages does The Lion's Lady have?
Can you summarize The Lion's Lady?
What is Mona Lisa Overdrive about?
Who is the author of Mona Lisa Overdrive?
When was Mona Lisa Overdrive published?
What is the genre of Mona Lisa Overdrive?
How many pages does Mona Lisa Overdrive have?
Can you summarize Mona Lisa Overdrive?
What is Samarkand about?
Who is the author of Samarkand?
When was Samarkand published?
What is the genre of Samarkand?
How many pages does Samarkand have?
Can you summarize Samarkand?
What is The Oathbound (Vows and Honor #1) about?
Who is the author of The Oathbound (Vows and Honor #1)?
When was The Oathbound (Vows and Honor #1) published?
What is the genre of The Oathbound (Vows and Honor #1)?
How many pages does The Oathbound (Vows and Honor #1) have?
Can you summarize The Oathbound (Vows and Honor #1)?
What is The Devil's Arithmetic (Puffin Modern Classics) about?
Who is the author of The Devil's Arithmetic (Puffin Modern Classics)?
When was The Devil's Arithmetic (Puffin Modern Classics) published?
What is the genre of The Devil's Arithmetic (Puffin Modern Classics)?
How many pages does The Devil's Arithmetic (Puffin Modern Classics) have?
Can you summarize The Devil's Arithmetic (Puffin Modern Classics)?
What is Dragonsdawn about?
Who is the author of Dragonsdawn?
When was Dragonsdawn published?
What is the genre of Dragonsdawn?
How many pages does Dragonsdawn have?
Can you summarize Dragonsdawn?
What is The Lives of Christopher Chant (Chronicles of Chrestomanci) about?
Who is the author of The Lives of Christopher Chant (Chronicles of Chrestomanci)?
When was The Lives of Christopher Chant (Chronicles of Chrestomanci) published?
What is the genre of The Lives of Christopher Chant (Chronicles of Chrestomanci)?
How many pages does The Lives of Christopher Chant (Chronicles of Chrestomanci) have?
Can you summarize The Lives of Christopher Chant (Chronicles of Chrestomanci)?
What is Adulthood Rites about?
Who is the author of Adulthood Rites?
When was Adulthood Rites published?
What is the genre of Adulthood Rites?
How many pages does Adulthood Rites have?
Can you summarize Adulthood Rites?
What is Case for Christ, The about?
Who is the author of Case for Christ, The?
When was Case for Christ, The published?
What is the genre of Case for Christ, The?
How many pages does Case for Christ, The have?
Can you summarize Case for Christ, The?
What is A far cry from Kensington about?
Who is the author of A far cry from Kensington?
When was A far cry from Kensington published?
What is the genre of A far cry from Kensington?
How many pages does A far cry from Kensington have?
Can you summarize A far cry from Kensington?
What is The Carpathians about?
Who is the author of The Carpathians?
When was The Carpathians published?
What is the genre of The Carpathians?
How many pages does The Carpathians have?
Can you summarize The Carpathians?
What is "E" is for Evidence (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of "E" is for Evidence (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries)?
When was "E" is for Evidence (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of "E" is for Evidence (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries)?
How many pages does "E" is for Evidence (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize "E" is for Evidence (The Kinsey Millhone Alphabet Mysteries)?
What is Tacky the Penguin about?
Who is the author of Tacky the Penguin?
When was Tacky the Penguin published?
What is the genre of Tacky the Penguin?
How many pages does Tacky the Penguin have?
Can you summarize Tacky the Penguin?
What is The Gate to Women's Country about?
Who is the author of The Gate to Women's Country?
When was The Gate to Women's Country published?
What is the genre of The Gate to Women's Country?
How many pages does The Gate to Women's Country have?
Can you summarize The Gate to Women's Country?
What is Battle Cry of Freedom about?
Who is the author of Battle Cry of Freedom?
When was Battle Cry of Freedom published?
What is the genre of Battle Cry of Freedom?
How many pages does Battle Cry of Freedom have?
Can you summarize Battle Cry of Freedom?
What is The Five Bells and Bladebone about?
Who is the author of The Five Bells and Bladebone?
When was The Five Bells and Bladebone published?
What is the genre of The Five Bells and Bladebone?
How many pages does The Five Bells and Bladebone have?
Can you summarize The Five Bells and Bladebone?
What is Blood Shot (V.I. Warshawski Novels) about?
Who is the author of Blood Shot (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
When was Blood Shot (V.I. Warshawski Novels) published?
What is the genre of Blood Shot (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
How many pages does Blood Shot (V.I. Warshawski Novels) have?
Can you summarize Blood Shot (V.I. Warshawski Novels)?
What is Friday night lights about?
Who is the author of Friday night lights?
When was Friday night lights published?
What is the genre of Friday night lights?
How many pages does Friday night lights have?
Can you summarize Friday night lights?
What is Literary Outlaw about?
Who is the author of Literary Outlaw?
When was Literary Outlaw published?
What is the genre of Literary Outlaw?
How many pages does Literary Outlaw have?
Can you summarize Literary Outlaw?
What is Treasure about?
Who is the author of Treasure?
When was Treasure published?
What is the genre of Treasure?
How many pages does Treasure have?
Can you summarize Treasure?
What is Nightmares in the sky about?
Who is the author of Nightmares in the sky?
When was Nightmares in the sky published?
What is the genre of Nightmares in the sky?
How many pages does Nightmares in the sky have?
Can you summarize Nightmares in the sky?
What is Sleeping in flame about?
Who is the author of Sleeping in flame?
When was Sleeping in flame published?
What is the genre of Sleeping in flame?
How many pages does Sleeping in flame have?
Can you summarize Sleeping in flame?
What is Touching the void about?
Who is the author of Touching the void?
When was Touching the void published?
What is the genre of Touching the void?
How many pages does Touching the void have?
Can you summarize Touching the void?
What is Gift of gold about?
Who is the author of Gift of gold?
When was Gift of gold published?
What is the genre of Gift of gold?
How many pages does Gift of gold have?
Can you summarize Gift of gold?
What is The Girl Who Invented Romance about?
Who is the author of The Girl Who Invented Romance?
When was The Girl Who Invented Romance published?
What is the genre of The Girl Who Invented Romance?
How many pages does The Girl Who Invented Romance have?
Can you summarize The Girl Who Invented Romance?
What is Nervous conditions about?
Who is the author of Nervous conditions?
When was Nervous conditions published?
What is the genre of Nervous conditions?
How many pages does Nervous conditions have?
Can you summarize Nervous conditions?
What is Nemesis about?
Who is the author of Nemesis?
When was Nemesis published?
What is the genre of Nemesis?
How many pages does Nemesis have?
Can you summarize Nemesis?
What is Zoya about?
Who is the author of Zoya?
When was Zoya published?
What is the genre of Zoya?
How many pages does Zoya have?
Can you summarize Zoya?
What is A Small Place about?
Who is the author of A Small Place?
When was A Small Place published?
What is the genre of A Small Place?
How many pages does A Small Place have?
Can you summarize A Small Place?
What is Libra (Contemporary American Fiction) about?
Who is the author of Libra (Contemporary American Fiction)?
When was Libra (Contemporary American Fiction) published?
What is the genre of Libra (Contemporary American Fiction)?
How many pages does Libra (Contemporary American Fiction) have?
Can you summarize Libra (Contemporary American Fiction)?
What is Islands in the net about?
Who is the author of Islands in the net?
When was Islands in the net published?
What is the genre of Islands in the net?
How many pages does Islands in the net have?
Can you summarize Islands in the net?
What is Collected works about?
Who is the author of Collected works?
When was Collected works published?
What is the genre of Collected works?
How many pages does Collected works have?
Can you summarize Collected works?
What is From Beirut to Jerusalem about?
Who is the author of From Beirut to Jerusalem?
When was From Beirut to Jerusalem published?
What is the genre of From Beirut to Jerusalem?
How many pages does From Beirut to Jerusalem have?
Can you summarize From Beirut to Jerusalem?
What is Those who hunt the night about?
Who is the author of Those who hunt the night?
When was Those who hunt the night published?
What is the genre of Those who hunt the night?
How many pages does Those who hunt the night have?
Can you summarize Those who hunt the night?
What is Agent of change about?
Who is the author of Agent of change?
When was Agent of change published?
What is the genre of Agent of change?
How many pages does Agent of change have?
Can you summarize Agent of change?
What is The Icarus Agenda about?
Who is the author of The Icarus Agenda?
When was The Icarus Agenda published?
What is the genre of The Icarus Agenda?
How many pages does The Icarus Agenda have?
Can you summarize The Icarus Agenda?
What is The Outlaws of Sherwood about?
Who is the author of The Outlaws of Sherwood?
When was The Outlaws of Sherwood published?
What is the genre of The Outlaws of Sherwood?
How many pages does The Outlaws of Sherwood have?
Can you summarize The Outlaws of Sherwood?
What is The Crystal Shard about?
Who is the author of The Crystal Shard?
When was The Crystal Shard published?
What is the genre of The Crystal Shard?
How many pages does The Crystal Shard have?
Can you summarize The Crystal Shard?
What is The School for Scandal and Other Plays about?
Who is the author of The School for Scandal and Other Plays?
When was The School for Scandal and Other Plays published?
What is the genre of The School for Scandal and Other Plays?
How many pages does The School for Scandal and Other Plays have?
Can you summarize The School for Scandal and Other Plays?
What is Sourcery : (Discworld Novel 5) about?
Who is the author of Sourcery : (Discworld Novel 5)?
When was Sourcery : (Discworld Novel 5) published?
What is the genre of Sourcery : (Discworld Novel 5)?
How many pages does Sourcery : (Discworld Novel 5) have?
Can you summarize Sourcery : (Discworld Novel 5)?
What is Silver Angel about?
Who is the author of Silver Angel?
When was Silver Angel published?
What is the genre of Silver Angel?
How many pages does Silver Angel have?
Can you summarize Silver Angel?
What is Number the Stars about?
Who is the author of Number the Stars?
When was Number the Stars published?
What is the genre of Number the Stars?
How many pages does Number the Stars have?
Can you summarize Number the Stars?
What is The True Story of the Three Little Pigs about?
Who is the author of The True Story of the Three Little Pigs?
When was The True Story of the Three Little Pigs published?
What is the genre of The True Story of the Three Little Pigs?
How many pages does The True Story of the Three Little Pigs have?
Can you summarize The True Story of the Three Little Pigs?
What is A Prayer for Owen Meany about?
Who is the author of A Prayer for Owen Meany?
When was A Prayer for Owen Meany published?
What is the genre of A Prayer for Owen Meany?
How many pages does A Prayer for Owen Meany have?
Can you summarize A Prayer for Owen Meany?
What is Chicka Chicka Boom Boom about?
Who is the author of Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?
When was Chicka Chicka Boom Boom published?
What is the genre of Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?
How many pages does Chicka Chicka Boom Boom have?
Can you summarize Chicka Chicka Boom Boom?
What is Wayside School is Falling Down about?
Who is the author of Wayside School is Falling Down?
When was Wayside School is Falling Down published?
What is the genre of Wayside School is Falling Down?
How many pages does Wayside School is Falling Down have?
Can you summarize Wayside School is Falling Down?
What is Guards! Guards! about?
Who is the author of Guards! Guards!?
When was Guards! Guards! published?
What is the genre of Guards! Guards!?
How many pages does Guards! Guards! have?
Can you summarize Guards! Guards!?
What is Hyperion about?
Who is the author of Hyperion?
When was Hyperion published?
What is the genre of Hyperion?
How many pages does Hyperion have?
Can you summarize Hyperion?
What is The Russia house about?
Who is the author of The Russia house?
When was The Russia house published?
What is the genre of The Russia house?
How many pages does The Russia house have?
Can you summarize The Russia house?
What is The mitten about?
Who is the author of The mitten?
When was The mitten published?
What is the genre of The mitten?
How many pages does The mitten have?
Can you summarize The mitten?
What is The Calvin and Hobbes lazy Sunday book about?
Who is the author of The Calvin and Hobbes lazy Sunday book?
When was The Calvin and Hobbes lazy Sunday book published?
What is the genre of The Calvin and Hobbes lazy Sunday book?
How many pages does The Calvin and Hobbes lazy Sunday book have?
Can you summarize The Calvin and Hobbes lazy Sunday book?
What is Yukon Ho! about?
Who is the author of Yukon Ho!?
When was Yukon Ho! published?
What is the genre of Yukon Ho!?
How many pages does Yukon Ho! have?
Can you summarize Yukon Ho!?
What is Pyramids about?
Who is the author of Pyramids?
When was Pyramids published?
What is the genre of Pyramids?
How many pages does Pyramids have?
Can you summarize Pyramids?
What is The Lost Continent about?
Who is the author of The Lost Continent?
When was The Lost Continent published?
What is the genre of The Lost Continent?
How many pages does The Lost Continent have?
Can you summarize The Lost Continent?
What is The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People about?
Who is the author of The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People?
When was The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People published?
What is the genre of The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People?
How many pages does The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People have?
Can you summarize The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People?
What is The Potter's Field about?
Who is the author of The Potter's Field?
When was The Potter's Field published?
What is the genre of The Potter's Field?
How many pages does The Potter's Field have?
Can you summarize The Potter's Field?
What is Talking God about?
Who is the author of Talking God?
When was Talking God published?
What is the genre of Talking God?
How many pages does Talking God have?
Can you summarize Talking God?
What is Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
When was Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
How many pages does Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Rules of Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
What is Borders of Infinity about?
Who is the author of Borders of Infinity?
When was Borders of Infinity published?
What is the genre of Borders of Infinity?
How many pages does Borders of Infinity have?
Can you summarize Borders of Infinity?
What is Jingo about?
Who is the author of Jingo?
When was Jingo published?
What is the genre of Jingo?
How many pages does Jingo have?
Can you summarize Jingo?
What is We're Going on a Bear Hunt about?
Who is the author of We're Going on a Bear Hunt?
When was We're Going on a Bear Hunt published?
What is the genre of We're Going on a Bear Hunt?
How many pages does We're Going on a Bear Hunt have?
Can you summarize We're Going on a Bear Hunt?
What is Geek love about?
Who is the author of Geek love?
When was Geek love published?
What is the genre of Geek love?
How many pages does Geek love have?
Can you summarize Geek love?
What is Straight about?
Who is the author of Straight?
When was Straight published?
What is the genre of Straight?
How many pages does Straight have?
Can you summarize Straight?
What is Polar Star about?
Who is the author of Polar Star?
When was Polar Star published?
What is the genre of Polar Star?
How many pages does Polar Star have?
Can you summarize Polar Star?
What is Albion's Seed about?
Who is the author of Albion's Seed?
When was Albion's Seed published?
What is the genre of Albion's Seed?
How many pages does Albion's Seed have?
Can you summarize Albion's Seed?
What is Brothers in Arms about?
Who is the author of Brothers in Arms?
When was Brothers in Arms published?
What is the genre of Brothers in Arms?
How many pages does Brothers in Arms have?
Can you summarize Brothers in Arms?
What is Sorceress of Darshiva (The Malloreon, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of Sorceress of Darshiva (The Malloreon, Book 4)?
When was Sorceress of Darshiva (The Malloreon, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of Sorceress of Darshiva (The Malloreon, Book 4)?
How many pages does Sorceress of Darshiva (The Malloreon, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize Sorceress of Darshiva (The Malloreon, Book 4)?
What is Clear and present danger about?
Who is the author of Clear and present danger?
When was Clear and present danger published?
What is the genre of Clear and present danger?
How many pages does Clear and present danger have?
Can you summarize Clear and present danger?
What is Sexing the Cherry (Winterson, Jeanette) about?
Who is the author of Sexing the Cherry (Winterson, Jeanette)?
When was Sexing the Cherry (Winterson, Jeanette) published?
What is the genre of Sexing the Cherry (Winterson, Jeanette)?
How many pages does Sexing the Cherry (Winterson, Jeanette) have?
Can you summarize Sexing the Cherry (Winterson, Jeanette)?
What is Mary Queen of Scotland & The Isles about?
Who is the author of Mary Queen of Scotland & The Isles?
When was Mary Queen of Scotland & The Isles published?
What is the genre of Mary Queen of Scotland & The Isles?
How many pages does Mary Queen of Scotland & The Isles have?
Can you summarize Mary Queen of Scotland & The Isles?
What is The Heretic's Apprentice about?
Who is the author of The Heretic's Apprentice?
When was The Heretic's Apprentice published?
What is the genre of The Heretic's Apprentice?
How many pages does The Heretic's Apprentice have?
Can you summarize The Heretic's Apprentice?
What is The Mummy about?
Who is the author of The Mummy?
When was The Mummy published?
What is the genre of The Mummy?
How many pages does The Mummy have?
Can you summarize The Mummy?
What is The Second World War about?
Who is the author of The Second World War?
When was The Second World War published?
What is the genre of The Second World War?
How many pages does The Second World War have?
Can you summarize The Second World War?
What is The Renegades of Pern about?
Who is the author of The Renegades of Pern?
When was The Renegades of Pern published?
What is the genre of The Renegades of Pern?
How many pages does The Renegades of Pern have?
Can you summarize The Renegades of Pern?
What is Billy Bathgate about?
Who is the author of Billy Bathgate?
When was Billy Bathgate published?
What is the genre of Billy Bathgate?
How many pages does Billy Bathgate have?
Can you summarize Billy Bathgate?
What is Wonderful Life - The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History about?
Who is the author of Wonderful Life - The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History?
When was Wonderful Life - The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History published?
What is the genre of Wonderful Life - The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History?
How many pages does Wonderful Life - The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History have?
Can you summarize Wonderful Life - The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History?
What is A knight in shining armor about?
Who is the author of A knight in shining armor?
When was A knight in shining armor published?
What is the genre of A knight in shining armor?
How many pages does A knight in shining armor have?
Can you summarize A knight in shining armor?
What is Caribbean about?
Who is the author of Caribbean?
When was Caribbean published?
What is the genre of Caribbean?
How many pages does Caribbean have?
Can you summarize Caribbean?
What is The Old Silent (Richard Jury Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of The Old Silent (Richard Jury Mysteries)?
When was The Old Silent (Richard Jury Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of The Old Silent (Richard Jury Mysteries)?
How many pages does The Old Silent (Richard Jury Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize The Old Silent (Richard Jury Mysteries)?
What is What to Expect the First Year, Second Ed about?
Who is the author of What to Expect the First Year, Second Ed?
When was What to Expect the First Year, Second Ed published?
What is the genre of What to Expect the First Year, Second Ed?
How many pages does What to Expect the First Year, Second Ed have?
Can you summarize What to Expect the First Year, Second Ed?
What is The general in his labyrinth about?
Who is the author of The general in his labyrinth?
When was The general in his labyrinth published?
What is the genre of The general in his labyrinth?
How many pages does The general in his labyrinth have?
Can you summarize The general in his labyrinth?
What is Devices and desires about?
Who is the author of Devices and desires?
When was Devices and desires published?
What is the genre of Devices and desires?
How many pages does Devices and desires have?
Can you summarize Devices and desires?
What is Silent Partner (Alex Delaware) about?
Who is the author of Silent Partner (Alex Delaware)?
When was Silent Partner (Alex Delaware) published?
What is the genre of Silent Partner (Alex Delaware)?
How many pages does Silent Partner (Alex Delaware) have?
Can you summarize Silent Partner (Alex Delaware)?
What is A year in Provence about?
Who is the author of A year in Provence?
When was A year in Provence published?
What is the genre of A year in Provence?
How many pages does A year in Provence have?
Can you summarize A year in Provence?
What is The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) about?
Who is the author of The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
When was The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) published?
What is the genre of The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
How many pages does The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) have?
Can you summarize The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
What is Illness as Metaphor and AIDS and Its Metaphors about?
Who is the author of Illness as Metaphor and AIDS and Its Metaphors?
When was Illness as Metaphor and AIDS and Its Metaphors published?
What is the genre of Illness as Metaphor and AIDS and Its Metaphors?
How many pages does Illness as Metaphor and AIDS and Its Metaphors have?
Can you summarize Illness as Metaphor and AIDS and Its Metaphors?
What is The Quincunx about?
Who is the author of The Quincunx?
When was The Quincunx published?
What is the genre of The Quincunx?
How many pages does The Quincunx have?
Can you summarize The Quincunx?
What is The dark half about?
Who is the author of The dark half?
When was The dark half published?
What is the genre of The dark half?
How many pages does The dark half have?
Can you summarize The dark half?
What is The road from Coorain about?
Who is the author of The road from Coorain?
When was The road from Coorain published?
What is the genre of The road from Coorain?
How many pages does The road from Coorain have?
Can you summarize The road from Coorain?
What is A Kingdom of Dreams about?
Who is the author of A Kingdom of Dreams?
When was A Kingdom of Dreams published?
What is the genre of A Kingdom of Dreams?
How many pages does A Kingdom of Dreams have?
Can you summarize A Kingdom of Dreams?
What is Imago about?
Who is the author of Imago?
When was Imago published?
What is the genre of Imago?
How many pages does Imago have?
Can you summarize Imago?
What is A history of the world in 10 1/2 chapters about?
Who is the author of A history of the world in 10 1/2 chapters?
When was A history of the world in 10 1/2 chapters published?
What is the genre of A history of the world in 10 1/2 chapters?
How many pages does A history of the world in 10 1/2 chapters have?
Can you summarize A history of the world in 10 1/2 chapters?
What is Liar's poker about?
Who is the author of Liar's poker?
When was Liar's poker published?
What is the genre of Liar's poker?
How many pages does Liar's poker have?
Can you summarize Liar's poker?
What is Mackenzie's Mountain about?
Who is the author of Mackenzie's Mountain?
When was Mackenzie's Mountain published?
What is the genre of Mackenzie's Mountain?
How many pages does Mackenzie's Mountain have?
Can you summarize Mackenzie's Mountain?
What is Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed about?
Who is the author of Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed?
When was Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed published?
What is the genre of Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed?
How many pages does Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed have?
Can you summarize Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed?
What is Solomon Gursky Was Here about?
Who is the author of Solomon Gursky Was Here?
When was Solomon Gursky Was Here published?
What is the genre of Solomon Gursky Was Here?
How many pages does Solomon Gursky Was Here have?
Can you summarize Solomon Gursky Was Here?
What is The History of the Siege of Lisbon about?
Who is the author of The History of the Siege of Lisbon?
When was The History of the Siege of Lisbon published?
What is the genre of The History of the Siege of Lisbon?
How many pages does The History of the Siege of Lisbon have?
Can you summarize The History of the Siege of Lisbon?
What is Time And Again about?
Who is the author of Time And Again?
When was Time And Again published?
What is the genre of Time And Again?
How many pages does Time And Again have?
Can you summarize Time And Again?
What is Soul Mountain about?
Who is the author of Soul Mountain?
When was Soul Mountain published?
What is the genre of Soul Mountain?
How many pages does Soul Mountain have?
Can you summarize Soul Mountain?
What is From Hell about?
Who is the author of From Hell?
When was From Hell published?
What is the genre of From Hell?
How many pages does From Hell have?
Can you summarize From Hell?
What is Stalking the Angel (Elvis Cole Novels) about?
Who is the author of Stalking the Angel (Elvis Cole Novels)?
When was Stalking the Angel (Elvis Cole Novels) published?
What is the genre of Stalking the Angel (Elvis Cole Novels)?
How many pages does Stalking the Angel (Elvis Cole Novels) have?
Can you summarize Stalking the Angel (Elvis Cole Novels)?
What is Citizens about?
Who is the author of Citizens?
When was Citizens published?
What is the genre of Citizens?
How many pages does Citizens have?
Can you summarize Citizens?
What is The bridesmaid about?
Who is the author of The bridesmaid?
When was The bridesmaid published?
What is the genre of The bridesmaid?
How many pages does The bridesmaid have?
Can you summarize The bridesmaid?
What is The Stress of Her Regard about?
Who is the author of The Stress of Her Regard?
When was The Stress of Her Regard published?
What is the genre of The Stress of Her Regard?
How many pages does The Stress of Her Regard have?
Can you summarize The Stress of Her Regard?
What is Self-Consciousness about?
Who is the author of Self-Consciousness?
When was Self-Consciousness published?
What is the genre of Self-Consciousness?
How many pages does Self-Consciousness have?
Can you summarize Self-Consciousness?
What is Shabanu about?
Who is the author of Shabanu?
When was Shabanu published?
What is the genre of Shabanu?
How many pages does Shabanu have?
Can you summarize Shabanu?
What is Dead poets society about?
Who is the author of Dead poets society?
When was Dead poets society published?
What is the genre of Dead poets society?
How many pages does Dead poets society have?
Can you summarize Dead poets society?
What is The Bristling Wood (Deverry Series, Book Three) about?
Who is the author of The Bristling Wood (Deverry Series, Book Three)?
When was The Bristling Wood (Deverry Series, Book Three) published?
What is the genre of The Bristling Wood (Deverry Series, Book Three)?
How many pages does The Bristling Wood (Deverry Series, Book Three) have?
Can you summarize The Bristling Wood (Deverry Series, Book Three)?
What is The Snake Tattoo (Carlotta Carlyle) about?
Who is the author of The Snake Tattoo (Carlotta Carlyle)?
When was The Snake Tattoo (Carlotta Carlyle) published?
What is the genre of The Snake Tattoo (Carlotta Carlyle)?
How many pages does The Snake Tattoo (Carlotta Carlyle) have?
Can you summarize The Snake Tattoo (Carlotta Carlyle)?
What is Moon palace about?
Who is the author of Moon palace?
When was Moon palace published?
What is the genre of Moon palace?
How many pages does Moon palace have?
Can you summarize Moon palace?
What is Machiavelli in hell about?
Who is the author of Machiavelli in hell?
When was Machiavelli in hell published?
What is the genre of Machiavelli in hell?
How many pages does Machiavelli in hell have?
Can you summarize Machiavelli in hell?
What is The diamond throne about?
Who is the author of The diamond throne?
When was The diamond throne published?
What is the genre of The diamond throne?
How many pages does The diamond throne have?
Can you summarize The diamond throne?
What is THE SILVER PIGS. about?
Who is the author of THE SILVER PIGS.?
When was THE SILVER PIGS. published?
What is the genre of THE SILVER PIGS.?
How many pages does THE SILVER PIGS. have?
Can you summarize THE SILVER PIGS.?
What is Red Branch about?
Who is the author of Red Branch?
When was Red Branch published?
What is the genre of Red Branch?
How many pages does Red Branch have?
Can you summarize Red Branch?
What is Rama II about?
Who is the author of Rama II?
When was Rama II published?
What is the genre of Rama II?
How many pages does Rama II have?
Can you summarize Rama II?
What is Shadow games about?
Who is the author of Shadow games?
When was Shadow games published?
What is the genre of Shadow games?
How many pages does Shadow games have?
Can you summarize Shadow games?
What is Los caprichos de Francisco de Goya y Lucientes about?
Who is the author of Los caprichos de Francisco de Goya y Lucientes?
When was Los caprichos de Francisco de Goya y Lucientes published?
What is the genre of Los caprichos de Francisco de Goya y Lucientes?
How many pages does Los caprichos de Francisco de Goya y Lucientes have?
Can you summarize Los caprichos de Francisco de Goya y Lucientes?
What is Savage Thunder about?
Who is the author of Savage Thunder?
When was Savage Thunder published?
What is the genre of Savage Thunder?
How many pages does Savage Thunder have?
Can you summarize Savage Thunder?
What is Rain Man about?
Who is the author of Rain Man?
When was Rain Man published?
What is the genre of Rain Man?
How many pages does Rain Man have?
Can you summarize Rain Man?
What is Curses! about?
Who is the author of Curses!?
When was Curses! published?
What is the genre of Curses!?
How many pages does Curses! have?
Can you summarize Curses!?
What is Morning glory about?
Who is the author of Morning glory?
When was Morning glory published?
What is the genre of Morning glory?
How many pages does Morning glory have?
Can you summarize Morning glory?
What is Mouse Paint about?
Who is the author of Mouse Paint?
When was Mouse Paint published?
What is the genre of Mouse Paint?
How many pages does Mouse Paint have?
Can you summarize Mouse Paint?
What is Paths of Resistance about?
Who is the author of Paths of Resistance?
When was Paths of Resistance published?
What is the genre of Paths of Resistance?
How many pages does Paths of Resistance have?
Can you summarize Paths of Resistance?
What is The girl at the Lion d'or about?
Who is the author of The girl at the Lion d'or?
When was The girl at the Lion d'or published?
What is the genre of The girl at the Lion d'or?
How many pages does The girl at the Lion d'or have?
Can you summarize The girl at the Lion d'or?
What is Schweiz ohne Armee about?
Who is the author of Schweiz ohne Armee?
When was Schweiz ohne Armee published?
What is the genre of Schweiz ohne Armee?
How many pages does Schweiz ohne Armee have?
Can you summarize Schweiz ohne Armee?
What is Death of a Hollow Man (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Death of a Hollow Man (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries)?
When was Death of a Hollow Man (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Death of a Hollow Man (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries)?
How many pages does Death of a Hollow Man (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Death of a Hollow Man (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries)?
What is Total recall. about?
Who is the author of Total recall.?
When was Total recall. published?
What is the genre of Total recall.?
How many pages does Total recall. have?
Can you summarize Total recall.?
What is Around the World in 80 Days about?
Who is the author of Around the World in 80 Days?
When was Around the World in 80 Days published?
What is the genre of Around the World in 80 Days?
How many pages does Around the World in 80 Days have?
Can you summarize Around the World in 80 Days?
What is Unadulterated Cat about?
Who is the author of Unadulterated Cat?
When was Unadulterated Cat published?
What is the genre of Unadulterated Cat?
How many pages does Unadulterated Cat have?
Can you summarize Unadulterated Cat?
What is Jurassic Park about?
Who is the author of Jurassic Park?
When was Jurassic Park published?
What is the genre of Jurassic Park?
How many pages does Jurassic Park have?
Can you summarize Jurassic Park?
What is Oh, the Places You'll Go! about?
Who is the author of Oh, the Places You'll Go!?
When was Oh, the Places You'll Go! published?
What is the genre of Oh, the Places You'll Go!?
How many pages does Oh, the Places You'll Go! have?
Can you summarize Oh, the Places You'll Go!?
What is The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, Book 1)?
When was The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, Book 1)?
How many pages does The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, Book 1)?
What is Possession about?
Who is the author of Possession?
When was Possession published?
What is the genre of Possession?
How many pages does Possession have?
Can you summarize Possession?
What is Moving Pictures (Discworld) about?
Who is the author of Moving Pictures (Discworld)?
When was Moving Pictures (Discworld) published?
What is the genre of Moving Pictures (Discworld)?
How many pages does Moving Pictures (Discworld) have?
Can you summarize Moving Pictures (Discworld)?
What is The Great Hunt about?
Who is the author of The Great Hunt?
When was The Great Hunt published?
What is the genre of The Great Hunt?
How many pages does The Great Hunt have?
Can you summarize The Great Hunt?
What is The Things They Carried about?
Who is the author of The Things They Carried?
When was The Things They Carried published?
What is the genre of The Things They Carried?
How many pages does The Things They Carried have?
Can you summarize The Things They Carried?
What is Dealing with Dragons about?
Who is the author of Dealing with Dragons?
When was Dealing with Dragons published?
What is the genre of Dealing with Dragons?
How many pages does Dealing with Dragons have?
Can you summarize Dealing with Dragons?
What is The Doll's House about?
Who is the author of The Doll's House?
When was The Doll's House published?
What is the genre of The Doll's House?
How many pages does The Doll's House have?
Can you summarize The Doll's House?
What is Postmortem about?
Who is the author of Postmortem?
When was Postmortem published?
What is the genre of Postmortem?
How many pages does Postmortem have?
Can you summarize Postmortem?
What is Castle in the Air about?
Who is the author of Castle in the Air?
When was Castle in the Air published?
What is the genre of Castle in the Air?
How many pages does Castle in the Air have?
Can you summarize Castle in the Air?
What is Maniac Magee about?
Who is the author of Maniac Magee?
When was Maniac Magee published?
What is the genre of Maniac Magee?
How many pages does Maniac Magee have?
Can you summarize Maniac Magee?
What is The Stone of Farewell (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn) about?
Who is the author of The Stone of Farewell (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn)?
When was The Stone of Farewell (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn) published?
What is the genre of The Stone of Farewell (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn)?
How many pages does The Stone of Farewell (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn) have?
Can you summarize The Stone of Farewell (Memory, Sorrow and Thorn)?
What is The Bourne Ultimatum about?
Who is the author of The Bourne Ultimatum?
When was The Bourne Ultimatum published?
What is the genre of The Bourne Ultimatum?
How many pages does The Bourne Ultimatum have?
Can you summarize The Bourne Ultimatum?
What is The Mother Tongue about?
Who is the author of The Mother Tongue?
When was The Mother Tongue published?
What is the genre of The Mother Tongue?
How many pages does The Mother Tongue have?
Can you summarize The Mother Tongue?
What is The first man in Rome about?
Who is the author of The first man in Rome?
When was The first man in Rome published?
What is the genre of The first man in Rome?
How many pages does The first man in Rome have?
Can you summarize The first man in Rome?
What is Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness) about?
Who is the author of Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness)?
When was Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness) published?
What is the genre of Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness)?
How many pages does Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness) have?
Can you summarize Lioness Rampant (Song of the Lioness)?
What is Circle of Friends about?
Who is the author of Circle of Friends?
When was Circle of Friends published?
What is the genre of Circle of Friends?
How many pages does Circle of Friends have?
Can you summarize Circle of Friends?
What is The Vor Game about?
Who is the author of The Vor Game?
When was The Vor Game published?
What is the genre of The Vor Game?
How many pages does The Vor Game have?
Can you summarize The Vor Game?
What is Rabbit at rest about?
Who is the author of Rabbit at rest?
When was Rabbit at rest published?
What is the genre of Rabbit at rest?
How many pages does Rabbit at rest have?
Can you summarize Rabbit at rest?
What is Tigana about?
Who is the author of Tigana?
When was Tigana published?
What is the genre of Tigana?
How many pages does Tigana have?
Can you summarize Tigana?
What is Nightfall about?
Who is the author of Nightfall?
When was Nightfall published?
What is the genre of Nightfall?
How many pages does Nightfall have?
Can you summarize Nightfall?
What is Well-Schooled in Murder about?
Who is the author of Well-Schooled in Murder?
When was Well-Schooled in Murder published?
What is the genre of Well-Schooled in Murder?
How many pages does Well-Schooled in Murder have?
Can you summarize Well-Schooled in Murder?
What is Tehanu (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of Tehanu (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 4)?
When was Tehanu (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of Tehanu (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 4)?
How many pages does Tehanu (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize Tehanu (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 4)?
What is Her Smoke Rose Up Forever about?
Who is the author of Her Smoke Rose Up Forever?
When was Her Smoke Rose Up Forever published?
What is the genre of Her Smoke Rose Up Forever?
How many pages does Her Smoke Rose Up Forever have?
Can you summarize Her Smoke Rose Up Forever?
What is Use of Weapons about?
Who is the author of Use of Weapons?
When was Use of Weapons published?
What is the genre of Use of Weapons?
How many pages does Use of Weapons have?
Can you summarize Use of Weapons?
What is The Face of a Stranger (William Monk Novels) about?
Who is the author of The Face of a Stranger (William Monk Novels)?
When was The Face of a Stranger (William Monk Novels) published?
What is the genre of The Face of a Stranger (William Monk Novels)?
How many pages does The Face of a Stranger (William Monk Novels) have?
Can you summarize The Face of a Stranger (William Monk Novels)?
What is The Buddha of suburbia about?
Who is the author of The Buddha of suburbia?
When was The Buddha of suburbia published?
What is the genre of The Buddha of suburbia?
How many pages does The Buddha of suburbia have?
Can you summarize The Buddha of suburbia?
What is The Gift of Asher Lev about?
Who is the author of The Gift of Asher Lev?
When was The Gift of Asher Lev published?
What is the genre of The Gift of Asher Lev?
How many pages does The Gift of Asher Lev have?
Can you summarize The Gift of Asher Lev?
What is The Witching Hour about?
Who is the author of The Witching Hour?
When was The Witching Hour published?
What is the genre of The Witching Hour?
How many pages does The Witching Hour have?
Can you summarize The Witching Hour?
What is The black book about?
Who is the author of The black book?
When was The black book published?
What is the genre of The black book?
How many pages does The black book have?
Can you summarize The black book?
What is Coyote Waits (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) about?
Who is the author of Coyote Waits (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
When was Coyote Waits (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) published?
What is the genre of Coyote Waits (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
How many pages does Coyote Waits (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels) have?
Can you summarize Coyote Waits (Joe Leaphorn/Jim Chee Novels)?
What is Shadow Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Shadow Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
When was Shadow Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Shadow Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
How many pages does Shadow Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Shadow Prey (Lucas Davenport Mysteries)?
What is Thomas the Rhymer about?
Who is the author of Thomas the Rhymer?
When was Thomas the Rhymer published?
What is the genre of Thomas the Rhymer?
How many pages does Thomas the Rhymer have?
Can you summarize Thomas the Rhymer?
What is The solitaire mystery about?
Who is the author of The solitaire mystery?
When was The solitaire mystery published?
What is the genre of The solitaire mystery?
How many pages does The solitaire mystery have?
Can you summarize The solitaire mystery?
What is The Very Quiet Cricket about?
Who is the author of The Very Quiet Cricket?
When was The Very Quiet Cricket published?
What is the genre of The Very Quiet Cricket?
How many pages does The Very Quiet Cricket have?
Can you summarize The Very Quiet Cricket?
What is The Difference Engine about?
Who is the author of The Difference Engine?
When was The Difference Engine published?
What is the genre of The Difference Engine?
How many pages does The Difference Engine have?
Can you summarize The Difference Engine?
What is The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) about?
Who is the author of The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
When was The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) published?
What is the genre of The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
How many pages does The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) have?
Can you summarize The Scions of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
What is The Fall of Hyperion about?
Who is the author of The Fall of Hyperion?
When was The Fall of Hyperion published?
What is the genre of The Fall of Hyperion?
How many pages does The Fall of Hyperion have?
Can you summarize The Fall of Hyperion?
What is Music of Chance about?
Who is the author of Music of Chance?
When was Music of Chance published?
What is the genre of Music of Chance?
How many pages does Music of Chance have?
Can you summarize Music of Chance?
What is Mattimeo about?
Who is the author of Mattimeo?
When was Mattimeo published?
What is the genre of Mattimeo?
How many pages does Mattimeo have?
Can you summarize Mattimeo?
What is Catering to nobody about?
Who is the author of Catering to nobody?
When was Catering to nobody published?
What is the genre of Catering to nobody?
How many pages does Catering to nobody have?
Can you summarize Catering to nobody?
What is Dancing at Lughnasa about?
Who is the author of Dancing at Lughnasa?
When was Dancing at Lughnasa published?
What is the genre of Dancing at Lughnasa?
How many pages does Dancing at Lughnasa have?
Can you summarize Dancing at Lughnasa?
What is Haroun and the Sea of Stories about?
Who is the author of Haroun and the Sea of Stories?
When was Haroun and the Sea of Stories published?
What is the genre of Haroun and the Sea of Stories?
How many pages does Haroun and the Sea of Stories have?
Can you summarize Haroun and the Sea of Stories?
What is A midwife's tale about?
Who is the author of A midwife's tale?
When was A midwife's tale published?
What is the genre of A midwife's tale?
How many pages does A midwife's tale have?
Can you summarize A midwife's tale?
What is The Flanders Panel about?
Who is the author of The Flanders Panel?
When was The Flanders Panel published?
What is the genre of The Flanders Panel?
How many pages does The Flanders Panel have?
Can you summarize The Flanders Panel?
What is The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts?
When was The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts?
How many pages does The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts?
What is Get Shorty about?
Who is the author of Get Shorty?
When was Get Shorty published?
What is the genre of Get Shorty?
How many pages does Get Shorty have?
Can you summarize Get Shorty?
What is Brazzaville Beach about?
Who is the author of Brazzaville Beach?
When was Brazzaville Beach published?
What is the genre of Brazzaville Beach?
How many pages does Brazzaville Beach have?
Can you summarize Brazzaville Beach?
What is The Real Story about?
Who is the author of The Real Story?
When was The Real Story published?
What is the genre of The Real Story?
How many pages does The Real Story have?
Can you summarize The Real Story?
What is Seduction about?
Who is the author of Seduction?
When was Seduction published?
What is the genre of Seduction?
How many pages does Seduction have?
Can you summarize Seduction?
What is Fudge-A-Mania about?
Who is the author of Fudge-A-Mania?
When was Fudge-A-Mania published?
What is the genre of Fudge-A-Mania?
How many pages does Fudge-A-Mania have?
Can you summarize Fudge-A-Mania?
What is Phantom about?
Who is the author of Phantom?
When was Phantom published?
What is the genre of Phantom?
How many pages does Phantom have?
Can you summarize Phantom?
What is The Burden of Proof about?
Who is the author of The Burden of Proof?
When was The Burden of Proof published?
What is the genre of The Burden of Proof?
How many pages does The Burden of Proof have?
Can you summarize The Burden of Proof?
What is Shrek! about?
Who is the author of Shrek!?
When was Shrek! published?
What is the genre of Shrek!?
How many pages does Shrek! have?
Can you summarize Shrek!?
What is Immortality about?
Who is the author of Immortality?
When was Immortality published?
What is the genre of Immortality?
How many pages does Immortality have?
Can you summarize Immortality?
What is Dragon Wing (The Death Gate Cycle, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Dragon Wing (The Death Gate Cycle, Book 1)?
When was Dragon Wing (The Death Gate Cycle, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Dragon Wing (The Death Gate Cycle, Book 1)?
How many pages does Dragon Wing (The Death Gate Cycle, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Dragon Wing (The Death Gate Cycle, Book 1)?
What is The Magic School Bus about?
Who is the author of The Magic School Bus?
When was The Magic School Bus published?
What is the genre of The Magic School Bus?
How many pages does The Magic School Bus have?
Can you summarize The Magic School Bus?
What is Season of Mists about?
Who is the author of Season of Mists?
When was Season of Mists published?
What is the genre of Season of Mists?
How many pages does Season of Mists have?
Can you summarize Season of Mists?
What is The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle about?
Who is the author of The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle?
When was The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle published?
What is the genre of The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle?
How many pages does The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle have?
Can you summarize The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle?
What is The sorceress and the cygnet about?
Who is the author of The sorceress and the cygnet?
When was The sorceress and the cygnet published?
What is the genre of The sorceress and the cygnet?
How many pages does The sorceress and the cygnet have?
Can you summarize The sorceress and the cygnet?
What is Fables and Reflections about?
Who is the author of Fables and Reflections?
When was Fables and Reflections published?
What is the genre of Fables and Reflections?
How many pages does Fables and Reflections have?
Can you summarize Fables and Reflections?
What is Texas! lucky about?
Who is the author of Texas! lucky?
When was Texas! lucky published?
What is the genre of Texas! lucky?
How many pages does Texas! lucky have?
Can you summarize Texas! lucky?
What is Stardust (Spenser) about?
Who is the author of Stardust (Spenser)?
When was Stardust (Spenser) published?
What is the genre of Stardust (Spenser)?
How many pages does Stardust (Spenser) have?
Can you summarize Stardust (Spenser)?
What is Freedom in Exile about?
Who is the author of Freedom in Exile?
When was Freedom in Exile published?
What is the genre of Freedom in Exile?
How many pages does Freedom in Exile have?
Can you summarize Freedom in Exile?
What is A Morning for Flamingoes about?
Who is the author of A Morning for Flamingoes?
When was A Morning for Flamingoes published?
What is the genre of A Morning for Flamingoes?
How many pages does A Morning for Flamingoes have?
Can you summarize A Morning for Flamingoes?
What is Time Bomb (Alex Delaware) about?
Who is the author of Time Bomb (Alex Delaware)?
When was Time Bomb (Alex Delaware) published?
What is the genre of Time Bomb (Alex Delaware)?
How many pages does Time Bomb (Alex Delaware) have?
Can you summarize Time Bomb (Alex Delaware)?
What is Longshot about?
Who is the author of Longshot?
When was Longshot published?
What is the genre of Longshot?
How many pages does Longshot have?
Can you summarize Longshot?
What is James Herriot's Cat Stories about?
Who is the author of James Herriot's Cat Stories?
When was James Herriot's Cat Stories published?
What is the genre of James Herriot's Cat Stories?
How many pages does James Herriot's Cat Stories have?
Can you summarize James Herriot's Cat Stories?
What is Real murders about?
Who is the author of Real murders?
When was Real murders published?
What is the genre of Real murders?
How many pages does Real murders have?
Can you summarize Real murders?
What is Omeros about?
Who is the author of Omeros?
When was Omeros published?
What is the genre of Omeros?
How many pages does Omeros have?
Can you summarize Omeros?
What is Mystery about?
Who is the author of Mystery?
When was Mystery published?
What is the genre of Mystery?
How many pages does Mystery have?
Can you summarize Mystery?
What is Public Secrets about?
Who is the author of Public Secrets?
When was Public Secrets published?
What is the genre of Public Secrets?
How many pages does Public Secrets have?
Can you summarize Public Secrets?
What is The Face On the Milk Carton about?
Who is the author of The Face On the Milk Carton?
When was The Face On the Milk Carton published?
What is the genre of The Face On the Milk Carton?
How many pages does The Face On the Milk Carton have?
Can you summarize The Face On the Milk Carton?
What is Surrender the pink about?
Who is the author of Surrender the pink?
When was Surrender the pink published?
What is the genre of Surrender the pink?
How many pages does Surrender the pink have?
Can you summarize Surrender the pink?
What is Brida about?
Who is the author of Brida?
When was Brida published?
What is the genre of Brida?
How many pages does Brida have?
Can you summarize Brida?
What is Warrior's woman. about?
Who is the author of Warrior's woman.?
When was Warrior's woman. published?
What is the genre of Warrior's woman.?
How many pages does Warrior's woman. have?
Can you summarize Warrior's woman.?
What is Wish You Were Here (Mrs. Murphy Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Wish You Were Here (Mrs. Murphy Mysteries)?
When was Wish You Were Here (Mrs. Murphy Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Wish You Were Here (Mrs. Murphy Mysteries)?
How many pages does Wish You Were Here (Mrs. Murphy Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Wish You Were Here (Mrs. Murphy Mysteries)?
What is Taming Natasha. about?
Who is the author of Taming Natasha.?
When was Taming Natasha. published?
What is the genre of Taming Natasha.?
How many pages does Taming Natasha. have?
Can you summarize Taming Natasha.?
What is Middle passage about?
Who is the author of Middle passage?
When was Middle passage published?
What is the genre of Middle passage?
How many pages does Middle passage have?
Can you summarize Middle passage?
What is Quest for Lost Heroes (Drenai Tales, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Quest for Lost Heroes (Drenai Tales, Book 3)?
When was Quest for Lost Heroes (Drenai Tales, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Quest for Lost Heroes (Drenai Tales, Book 3)?
How many pages does Quest for Lost Heroes (Drenai Tales, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Quest for Lost Heroes (Drenai Tales, Book 3)?
What is Animal Dreams about?
Who is the author of Animal Dreams?
When was Animal Dreams published?
What is the genre of Animal Dreams?
How many pages does Animal Dreams have?
Can you summarize Animal Dreams?
What is Hocus Pocus about?
Who is the author of Hocus Pocus?
When was Hocus Pocus published?
What is the genre of Hocus Pocus?
How many pages does Hocus Pocus have?
Can you summarize Hocus Pocus?
What is C.S. Lewis about?
Who is the author of C.S. Lewis?
When was C.S. Lewis published?
What is the genre of C.S. Lewis?
How many pages does C.S. Lewis have?
Can you summarize C.S. Lewis?
What is The journalist and the murderer about?
Who is the author of The journalist and the murderer?
When was The journalist and the murderer published?
What is the genre of The journalist and the murderer?
How many pages does The journalist and the murderer have?
Can you summarize The journalist and the murderer?
What is Declarations of independence about?
Who is the author of Declarations of independence?
When was Declarations of independence published?
What is the genre of Declarations of independence?
How many pages does Declarations of independence have?
Can you summarize Declarations of independence?
What is Duncan'S Bride about?
Who is the author of Duncan'S Bride?
When was Duncan'S Bride published?
What is the genre of Duncan'S Bride?
How many pages does Duncan'S Bride have?
Can you summarize Duncan'S Bride?
What is Barbarians at the Gate about?
Who is the author of Barbarians at the Gate?
When was Barbarians at the Gate published?
What is the genre of Barbarians at the Gate?
How many pages does Barbarians at the Gate have?
Can you summarize Barbarians at the Gate?
What is Dogeaters (Contemporary American Fiction) about?
Who is the author of Dogeaters (Contemporary American Fiction)?
When was Dogeaters (Contemporary American Fiction) published?
What is the genre of Dogeaters (Contemporary American Fiction)?
How many pages does Dogeaters (Contemporary American Fiction) have?
Can you summarize Dogeaters (Contemporary American Fiction)?
What is Envisioning Information about?
Who is the author of Envisioning Information?
When was Envisioning Information published?
What is the genre of Envisioning Information?
How many pages does Envisioning Information have?
Can you summarize Envisioning Information?
What is Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots about?
Who is the author of Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots?
When was Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots published?
What is the genre of Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots?
How many pages does Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots have?
Can you summarize Vampires Don't Wear Polka Dots?
What is Age of Iron about?
Who is the author of Age of Iron?
When was Age of Iron published?
What is the genre of Age of Iron?
How many pages does Age of Iron have?
Can you summarize Age of Iron?
What is The Kingdom and the Crown, Vol.  1 about?
Who is the author of The Kingdom and the Crown, Vol.  1?
When was The Kingdom and the Crown, Vol.  1 published?
What is the genre of The Kingdom and the Crown, Vol.  1?
How many pages does The Kingdom and the Crown, Vol.  1 have?
Can you summarize The Kingdom and the Crown, Vol.  1?
What is Outlander about?
Who is the author of Outlander?
When was Outlander published?
What is the genre of Outlander?
How many pages does Outlander have?
Can you summarize Outlander?
What is The Firm about?
Who is the author of The Firm?
When was The Firm published?
What is the genre of The Firm?
How many pages does The Firm have?
Can you summarize The Firm?
What is Sophie's World about?
Who is the author of Sophie's World?
When was Sophie's World published?
What is the genre of Sophie's World?
How many pages does Sophie's World have?
Can you summarize Sophie's World?
What is Reaper Man (Discworld) about?
Who is the author of Reaper Man (Discworld)?
When was Reaper Man (Discworld) published?
What is the genre of Reaper Man (Discworld)?
How many pages does Reaper Man (Discworld) have?
Can you summarize Reaper Man (Discworld)?
What is Maus II: A Survivor's Tale about?
Who is the author of Maus II: A Survivor's Tale?
When was Maus II: A Survivor's Tale published?
What is the genre of Maus II: A Survivor's Tale?
How many pages does Maus II: A Survivor's Tale have?
Can you summarize Maus II: A Survivor's Tale?
What is The Dragon Reborn about?
Who is the author of The Dragon Reborn?
When was The Dragon Reborn published?
What is the genre of The Dragon Reborn?
How many pages does The Dragon Reborn have?
Can you summarize The Dragon Reborn?
What is The Waste Lands about?
Who is the author of The Waste Lands?
When was The Waste Lands published?
What is the genre of The Waste Lands?
How many pages does The Waste Lands have?
Can you summarize The Waste Lands?
What is Witches Abroad about?
Who is the author of Witches Abroad?
When was Witches Abroad published?
What is the genre of Witches Abroad?
How many pages does Witches Abroad have?
Can you summarize Witches Abroad?
What is The Six Wives of Henry VIII about?
Who is the author of The Six Wives of Henry VIII?
When was The Six Wives of Henry VIII published?
What is the genre of The Six Wives of Henry VIII?
How many pages does The Six Wives of Henry VIII have?
Can you summarize The Six Wives of Henry VIII?
What is The Kitchen God's Wife about?
Who is the author of The Kitchen God's Wife?
When was The Kitchen God's Wife published?
What is the genre of The Kitchen God's Wife?
How many pages does The Kitchen God's Wife have?
Can you summarize The Kitchen God's Wife?
What is Regeneration Tie In about?
Who is the author of Regeneration Tie In?
When was Regeneration Tie In published?
What is the genre of Regeneration Tie In?
How many pages does Regeneration Tie In have?
Can you summarize Regeneration Tie In?
What is A thousand acres about?
Who is the author of A thousand acres?
When was A thousand acres published?
What is the genre of A thousand acres?
How many pages does A thousand acres have?
Can you summarize A thousand acres?
What is The Sum of All Fears about?
Who is the author of The Sum of All Fears?
When was The Sum of All Fears published?
What is the genre of The Sum of All Fears?
How many pages does The Sum of All Fears have?
Can you summarize The Sum of All Fears?
What is Faceless Killers about?
Who is the author of Faceless Killers?
When was Faceless Killers published?
What is the genre of Faceless Killers?
How many pages does Faceless Killers have?
Can you summarize Faceless Killers?
What is Preludes and Nocturnes about?
Who is the author of Preludes and Nocturnes?
When was Preludes and Nocturnes published?
What is the genre of Preludes and Nocturnes?
How many pages does Preludes and Nocturnes have?
Can you summarize Preludes and Nocturnes?
What is Body of Evidence about?
Who is the author of Body of Evidence?
When was Body of Evidence published?
What is the genre of Body of Evidence?
How many pages does Body of Evidence have?
Can you summarize Body of Evidence?
What is American Psycho about?
Who is the author of American Psycho?
When was American Psycho published?
What is the genre of American Psycho?
How many pages does American Psycho have?
Can you summarize American Psycho?
What is Dream Country (Sandman, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Dream Country (Sandman, Book 3)?
When was Dream Country (Sandman, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Dream Country (Sandman, Book 3)?
How many pages does Dream Country (Sandman, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Dream Country (Sandman, Book 3)?
What is The Face on the Milk Carton about?
Who is the author of The Face on the Milk Carton?
When was The Face on the Milk Carton published?
What is the genre of The Face on the Milk Carton?
How many pages does The Face on the Milk Carton have?
Can you summarize The Face on the Milk Carton?
What is Chrysanthemum about?
Who is the author of Chrysanthemum?
When was Chrysanthemum published?
What is the genre of Chrysanthemum?
How many pages does Chrysanthemum have?
Can you summarize Chrysanthemum?
What is Heir to the Empire (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 1) about?
Who is the author of Heir to the Empire (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 1)?
When was Heir to the Empire (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 1) published?
What is the genre of Heir to the Empire (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 1)?
How many pages does Heir to the Empire (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 1) have?
Can you summarize Heir to the Empire (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 1)?
What is Barrayar about?
Who is the author of Barrayar?
When was Barrayar published?
What is the genre of Barrayar?
How many pages does Barrayar have?
Can you summarize Barrayar?
What is Homicide about?
Who is the author of Homicide?
When was Homicide published?
What is the genre of Homicide?
How many pages does Homicide have?
Can you summarize Homicide?
What is As the Crow Flies about?
Who is the author of As the Crow Flies?
When was As the Crow Flies published?
What is the genre of As the Crow Flies?
How many pages does As the Crow Flies have?
Can you summarize As the Crow Flies?
What is Tara Road about?
Who is the author of Tara Road?
When was Tara Road published?
What is the genre of Tara Road?
How many pages does Tara Road have?
Can you summarize Tara Road?
What is Scarlett about?
Who is the author of Scarlett?
When was Scarlett published?
What is the genre of Scarlett?
How many pages does Scarlett have?
Can you summarize Scarlett?
What is Sahara (Spanish) about?
Who is the author of Sahara (Spanish)?
When was Sahara (Spanish) published?
What is the genre of Sahara (Spanish)?
How many pages does Sahara (Spanish) have?
Can you summarize Sahara (Spanish)?
What is How the García girls lost their accents about?
Who is the author of How the García girls lost their accents?
When was How the García girls lost their accents published?
What is the genre of How the García girls lost their accents?
How many pages does How the García girls lost their accents have?
Can you summarize How the García girls lost their accents?
What is The Beauty Myth about?
Who is the author of The Beauty Myth?
When was The Beauty Myth published?
What is the genre of The Beauty Myth?
How many pages does The Beauty Myth have?
Can you summarize The Beauty Myth?
What is Xenocide (Ender, Book 3) (Ender Quartet) about?
Who is the author of Xenocide (Ender, Book 3) (Ender Quartet)?
When was Xenocide (Ender, Book 3) (Ender Quartet) published?
What is the genre of Xenocide (Ender, Book 3) (Ender Quartet)?
How many pages does Xenocide (Ender, Book 3) (Ender Quartet) have?
Can you summarize Xenocide (Ender, Book 3) (Ender Quartet)?
What is Ishmael about?
Who is the author of Ishmael?
When was Ishmael published?
What is the genre of Ishmael?
How many pages does Ishmael have?
Can you summarize Ishmael?
What is The partner about?
Who is the author of The partner?
When was The partner published?
What is the genre of The partner?
How many pages does The partner have?
Can you summarize The partner?
What is Wise children about?
Who is the author of Wise children?
When was Wise children published?
What is the genre of Wise children?
How many pages does Wise children have?
Can you summarize Wise children?
What is Cloudstreet about?
Who is the author of Cloudstreet?
When was Cloudstreet published?
What is the genre of Cloudstreet?
How many pages does Cloudstreet have?
Can you summarize Cloudstreet?
What is The Summer of the Danes about?
Who is the author of The Summer of the Danes?
When was The Summer of the Danes published?
What is the genre of The Summer of the Danes?
How many pages does The Summer of the Danes have?
Can you summarize The Summer of the Danes?
What is The Van about?
Who is the author of The Van?
When was The Van published?
What is the genre of The Van?
How many pages does The Van have?
Can you summarize The Van?
What is Generation X about?
Who is the author of Generation X?
When was Generation X published?
What is the genre of Generation X?
How many pages does Generation X have?
Can you summarize Generation X?
What is The Firm about?
Who is the author of The Firm?
When was The Firm published?
What is the genre of The Firm?
How many pages does The Firm have?
Can you summarize The Firm?
What is A Suitable Vengeance (Inspector Lynley) about?
Who is the author of A Suitable Vengeance (Inspector Lynley)?
When was A Suitable Vengeance (Inspector Lynley) published?
What is the genre of A Suitable Vengeance (Inspector Lynley)?
How many pages does A Suitable Vengeance (Inspector Lynley) have?
Can you summarize A Suitable Vengeance (Inspector Lynley)?
What is Imajica about?
Who is the author of Imajica?
When was Imajica published?
What is the genre of Imajica?
How many pages does Imajica have?
Can you summarize Imajica?
What is The Birthday Boys (Bainbridge, Beryl) about?
Who is the author of The Birthday Boys (Bainbridge, Beryl)?
When was The Birthday Boys (Bainbridge, Beryl) published?
What is the genre of The Birthday Boys (Bainbridge, Beryl)?
How many pages does The Birthday Boys (Bainbridge, Beryl) have?
Can you summarize The Birthday Boys (Bainbridge, Beryl)?
What is Scandal about?
Who is the author of Scandal?
When was Scandal published?
What is the genre of Scandal?
How many pages does Scandal have?
Can you summarize Scandal?
What is The Druid of Shannara about?
Who is the author of The Druid of Shannara?
When was The Druid of Shannara published?
What is the genre of The Druid of Shannara?
How many pages does The Druid of Shannara have?
Can you summarize The Druid of Shannara?
What is Liar about?
Who is the author of Liar?
When was Liar published?
What is the genre of Liar?
How many pages does Liar have?
Can you summarize Liar?
What is Wartime Lies about?
Who is the author of Wartime Lies?
When was Wartime Lies published?
What is the genre of Wartime Lies?
How many pages does Wartime Lies have?
Can you summarize Wartime Lies?
What is The Seeress of Kell (Malloreon) about?
Who is the author of The Seeress of Kell (Malloreon)?
When was The Seeress of Kell (Malloreon) published?
What is the genre of The Seeress of Kell (Malloreon)?
How many pages does The Seeress of Kell (Malloreon) have?
Can you summarize The Seeress of Kell (Malloreon)?
What is Beggars in Spain about?
Who is the author of Beggars in Spain?
When was Beggars in Spain published?
What is the genre of Beggars in Spain?
How many pages does Beggars in Spain have?
Can you summarize Beggars in Spain?
What is Backlash about?
Who is the author of Backlash?
When was Backlash published?
What is the genre of Backlash?
How many pages does Backlash have?
Can you summarize Backlash?
What is Ring (Ring Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Ring (Ring Trilogy)?
When was Ring (Ring Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Ring (Ring Trilogy)?
How many pages does Ring (Ring Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Ring (Ring Trilogy)?
What is Searching for dragons about?
Who is the author of Searching for dragons?
When was Searching for dragons published?
What is the genre of Searching for dragons?
How many pages does Searching for dragons have?
Can you summarize Searching for dragons?
What is Wilderness Tips about?
Who is the author of Wilderness Tips?
When was Wilderness Tips published?
What is the genre of Wilderness Tips?
How many pages does Wilderness Tips have?
Can you summarize Wilderness Tips?
What is Harlot's ghost about?
Who is the author of Harlot's ghost?
When was Harlot's ghost published?
What is the genre of Harlot's ghost?
How many pages does Harlot's ghost have?
Can you summarize Harlot's ghost?
What is Time's Arrow about?
Who is the author of Time's Arrow?
When was Time's Arrow published?
What is the genre of Time's Arrow?
How many pages does Time's Arrow have?
Can you summarize Time's Arrow?
What is The Old Contemptibles (A Richard Jury Novel) about?
Who is the author of The Old Contemptibles (A Richard Jury Novel)?
When was The Old Contemptibles (A Richard Jury Novel) published?
What is the genre of The Old Contemptibles (A Richard Jury Novel)?
How many pages does The Old Contemptibles (A Richard Jury Novel) have?
Can you summarize The Old Contemptibles (A Richard Jury Novel)?
What is All The Weyrs Of Pern about?
Who is the author of All The Weyrs Of Pern?
When was All The Weyrs Of Pern published?
What is the genre of All The Weyrs Of Pern?
How many pages does All The Weyrs Of Pern have?
Can you summarize All The Weyrs Of Pern?
What is Tar Beach about?
Who is the author of Tar Beach?
When was Tar Beach published?
What is the genre of Tar Beach?
How many pages does Tar Beach have?
Can you summarize Tar Beach?
What is Saint Maybe about?
Who is the author of Saint Maybe?
When was Saint Maybe published?
What is the genre of Saint Maybe?
How many pages does Saint Maybe have?
Can you summarize Saint Maybe?
What is The Infinite Plan about?
Who is the author of The Infinite Plan?
When was The Infinite Plan published?
What is the genre of The Infinite Plan?
How many pages does The Infinite Plan have?
Can you summarize The Infinite Plan?
What is Carnal innocence about?
Who is the author of Carnal innocence?
When was Carnal innocence published?
What is the genre of Carnal innocence?
How many pages does Carnal innocence have?
Can you summarize Carnal innocence?
What is Hide And Seek A Detective John Rebus Mystery about?
Who is the author of Hide And Seek A Detective John Rebus Mystery?
When was Hide And Seek A Detective John Rebus Mystery published?
What is the genre of Hide And Seek A Detective John Rebus Mystery?
How many pages does Hide And Seek A Detective John Rebus Mystery have?
Can you summarize Hide And Seek A Detective John Rebus Mystery?
What is The Vampire Diaries about?
Who is the author of The Vampire Diaries?
When was The Vampire Diaries published?
What is the genre of The Vampire Diaries?
How many pages does The Vampire Diaries have?
Can you summarize The Vampire Diaries?
What is Sapphire Rose (Elenium) about?
Who is the author of Sapphire Rose (Elenium)?
When was Sapphire Rose (Elenium) published?
What is the genre of Sapphire Rose (Elenium)?
How many pages does Sapphire Rose (Elenium) have?
Can you summarize Sapphire Rose (Elenium)?
What is Mariel of Redwall about?
Who is the author of Mariel of Redwall?
When was Mariel of Redwall published?
What is the genre of Mariel of Redwall?
How many pages does Mariel of Redwall have?
Can you summarize Mariel of Redwall?
What is The Prize about?
Who is the author of The Prize?
When was The Prize published?
What is the genre of The Prize?
How many pages does The Prize have?
Can you summarize The Prize?
What is The Vampire Diaries about?
Who is the author of The Vampire Diaries?
When was The Vampire Diaries published?
What is the genre of The Vampire Diaries?
How many pages does The Vampire Diaries have?
Can you summarize The Vampire Diaries?
What is Problem at Pollensa Bay about?
Who is the author of Problem at Pollensa Bay?
When was Problem at Pollensa Bay published?
What is the genre of Problem at Pollensa Bay?
How many pages does Problem at Pollensa Bay have?
Can you summarize Problem at Pollensa Bay?
What is Flowers in the Rain about?
Who is the author of Flowers in the Rain?
When was Flowers in the Rain published?
What is the genre of Flowers in the Rain?
How many pages does Flowers in the Rain have?
Can you summarize Flowers in the Rain?
What is Prisoner of my desire about?
Who is the author of Prisoner of my desire?
When was Prisoner of my desire published?
What is the genre of Prisoner of my desire?
How many pages does Prisoner of my desire have?
Can you summarize Prisoner of my desire?
What is If You Give a Moose a Muffin about?
Who is the author of If You Give a Moose a Muffin?
When was If You Give a Moose a Muffin published?
What is the genre of If You Give a Moose a Muffin?
How many pages does If You Give a Moose a Muffin have?
Can you summarize If You Give a Moose a Muffin?
What is Texas! Sage about?
Who is the author of Texas! Sage?
When was Texas! Sage published?
What is the genre of Texas! Sage?
How many pages does Texas! Sage have?
Can you summarize Texas! Sage?
What is Texas! Chase about?
Who is the author of Texas! Chase?
When was Texas! Chase published?
What is the genre of Texas! Chase?
How many pages does Texas! Chase have?
Can you summarize Texas! Chase?
What is The Raphael affair about?
Who is the author of The Raphael affair?
When was The Raphael affair published?
What is the genre of The Raphael affair?
How many pages does The Raphael affair have?
Can you summarize The Raphael affair?
What is Silver Linings about?
Who is the author of Silver Linings?
When was Silver Linings published?
What is the genre of Silver Linings?
How many pages does Silver Linings have?
Can you summarize Silver Linings?
What is Almanac of the Dead about?
Who is the author of Almanac of the Dead?
When was Almanac of the Dead published?
What is the genre of Almanac of the Dead?
How many pages does Almanac of the Dead have?
Can you summarize Almanac of the Dead?
What is Calhoun Women about?
Who is the author of Calhoun Women?
When was Calhoun Women published?
What is the genre of Calhoun Women?
How many pages does Calhoun Women have?
Can you summarize Calhoun Women?
What is Tam Lin about?
Who is the author of Tam Lin?
When was Tam Lin published?
What is the genre of Tam Lin?
How many pages does Tam Lin have?
Can you summarize Tam Lin?
What is Patrimony about?
Who is the author of Patrimony?
When was Patrimony published?
What is the genre of Patrimony?
How many pages does Patrimony have?
Can you summarize Patrimony?
What is The state of the art about?
Who is the author of The state of the art?
When was The state of the art published?
What is the genre of The state of the art?
How many pages does The state of the art have?
Can you summarize The state of the art?
What is Savage inequalities about?
Who is the author of Savage inequalities?
When was Savage inequalities published?
What is the genre of Savage inequalities?
How many pages does Savage inequalities have?
Can you summarize Savage inequalities?
What is Stations of the Tide about?
Who is the author of Stations of the Tide?
When was Stations of the Tide published?
What is the genre of Stations of the Tide?
How many pages does Stations of the Tide have?
Can you summarize Stations of the Tide?
What is Novel without a Name about?
Who is the author of Novel without a Name?
When was Novel without a Name published?
What is the genre of Novel without a Name?
How many pages does Novel without a Name have?
Can you summarize Novel without a Name?
What is The River about?
Who is the author of The River?
When was The River published?
What is the genre of The River?
How many pages does The River have?
Can you summarize The River?
What is Tuesday about?
Who is the author of Tuesday?
When was Tuesday published?
What is the genre of Tuesday?
How many pages does Tuesday have?
Can you summarize Tuesday?
What is Neither Here nor There about?
Who is the author of Neither Here nor There?
When was Neither Here nor There published?
What is the genre of Neither Here nor There?
How many pages does Neither Here nor There have?
Can you summarize Neither Here nor There?
What is Black Sun Rising about?
Who is the author of Black Sun Rising?
When was Black Sun Rising published?
What is the genre of Black Sun Rising?
How many pages does Black Sun Rising have?
Can you summarize Black Sun Rising?
What is The Remarkable Journey of Prince Jen about?
Who is the author of The Remarkable Journey of Prince Jen?
When was The Remarkable Journey of Prince Jen published?
What is the genre of The Remarkable Journey of Prince Jen?
How many pages does The Remarkable Journey of Prince Jen have?
Can you summarize The Remarkable Journey of Prince Jen?
What is The Third Chimpanzee about?
Who is the author of The Third Chimpanzee?
When was The Third Chimpanzee published?
What is the genre of The Third Chimpanzee?
How many pages does The Third Chimpanzee have?
Can you summarize The Third Chimpanzee?
What is The Calhouns about?
Who is the author of The Calhouns?
When was The Calhouns published?
What is the genre of The Calhouns?
How many pages does The Calhouns have?
Can you summarize The Calhouns?
What is A Soldier of the Great War about?
Who is the author of A Soldier of the Great War?
When was A Soldier of the Great War published?
What is the genre of A Soldier of the Great War?
How many pages does A Soldier of the Great War have?
Can you summarize A Soldier of the Great War?
What is An Owl Too Many about?
Who is the author of An Owl Too Many?
When was An Owl Too Many published?
What is the genre of An Owl Too Many?
How many pages does An Owl Too Many have?
Can you summarize An Owl Too Many?
What is Griffin & Sabine about?
Who is the author of Griffin & Sabine?
When was Griffin & Sabine published?
What is the genre of Griffin & Sabine?
How many pages does Griffin & Sabine have?
Can you summarize Griffin & Sabine?
What is From Puritanism to Postmodernism about?
Who is the author of From Puritanism to Postmodernism?
When was From Puritanism to Postmodernism published?
What is the genre of From Puritanism to Postmodernism?
How many pages does From Puritanism to Postmodernism have?
Can you summarize From Puritanism to Postmodernism?
What is Shiloh/Newbery Summer about?
Who is the author of Shiloh/Newbery Summer?
When was Shiloh/Newbery Summer published?
What is the genre of Shiloh/Newbery Summer?
How many pages does Shiloh/Newbery Summer have?
Can you summarize Shiloh/Newbery Summer?
What is The jewel that was ours about?
Who is the author of The jewel that was ours?
When was The jewel that was ours published?
What is the genre of The jewel that was ours?
How many pages does The jewel that was ours have?
Can you summarize The jewel that was ours?
What is Steel Guitar (Carlotta Carlyle) about?
Who is the author of Steel Guitar (Carlotta Carlyle)?
When was Steel Guitar (Carlotta Carlyle) published?
What is the genre of Steel Guitar (Carlotta Carlyle)?
How many pages does Steel Guitar (Carlotta Carlyle) have?
Can you summarize Steel Guitar (Carlotta Carlyle)?
What is Night shift about?
Who is the author of Night shift?
When was Night shift published?
What is the genre of Night shift?
How many pages does Night shift have?
Can you summarize Night shift?
What is For the Love of Lilah (Calhoun Women, No. 3) about?
Who is the author of For the Love of Lilah (Calhoun Women, No. 3)?
When was For the Love of Lilah (Calhoun Women, No. 3) published?
What is the genre of For the Love of Lilah (Calhoun Women, No. 3)?
How many pages does For the Love of Lilah (Calhoun Women, No. 3) have?
Can you summarize For the Love of Lilah (Calhoun Women, No. 3)?
What is The secret history about?
Who is the author of The secret history?
When was The secret history published?
What is the genre of The secret history?
How many pages does The secret history have?
Can you summarize The secret history?
What is Small Gods about?
Who is the author of Small Gods?
When was Small Gods published?
What is the genre of Small Gods?
How many pages does Small Gods have?
Can you summarize Small Gods?
What is The English Patient about?
Who is the author of The English Patient?
When was The English Patient published?
What is the genre of The English Patient?
How many pages does The English Patient have?
Can you summarize The English Patient?
What is The Pelican Brief about?
Who is the author of The Pelican Brief?
When was The Pelican Brief published?
What is the genre of The Pelican Brief?
How many pages does The Pelican Brief have?
Can you summarize The Pelican Brief?
What is Doomsday book about?
Who is the author of Doomsday book?
When was Doomsday book published?
What is the genre of Doomsday book?
How many pages does Doomsday book have?
Can you summarize Doomsday book?
What is Lords and Ladies about?
Who is the author of Lords and Ladies?
When was Lords and Ladies published?
What is the genre of Lords and Ladies?
How many pages does Lords and Ladies have?
Can you summarize Lords and Ladies?
What is Dolores Claiborne about?
Who is the author of Dolores Claiborne?
When was Dolores Claiborne published?
What is the genre of Dolores Claiborne?
How many pages does Dolores Claiborne have?
Can you summarize Dolores Claiborne?
What is The Black Echo (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of The Black Echo (Harry Bosch)?
When was The Black Echo (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of The Black Echo (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does The Black Echo (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize The Black Echo (Harry Bosch)?
What is The Shadow Rising about?
Who is the author of The Shadow Rising?
When was The Shadow Rising published?
What is the genre of The Shadow Rising?
How many pages does The Shadow Rising have?
Can you summarize The Shadow Rising?
What is Season of Mists about?
Who is the author of Season of Mists?
When was Season of Mists published?
What is the genre of Season of Mists?
How many pages does Season of Mists have?
Can you summarize Season of Mists?
What is Gerald's Game about?
Who is the author of Gerald's Game?
When was Gerald's Game published?
What is the genre of Gerald's Game?
How many pages does Gerald's Game have?
Can you summarize Gerald's Game?
What is Fatherland about?
Who is the author of Fatherland?
When was Fatherland published?
What is the genre of Fatherland?
How many pages does Fatherland have?
Can you summarize Fatherland?
What is Wild Magic about?
Who is the author of Wild Magic?
When was Wild Magic published?
What is the genre of Wild Magic?
How many pages does Wild Magic have?
Can you summarize Wild Magic?
What is A Walk in the Woods about?
Who is the author of A Walk in the Woods?
When was A Walk in the Woods published?
What is the genre of A Walk in the Woods?
How many pages does A Walk in the Woods have?
Can you summarize A Walk in the Woods?
What is Truman about?
Who is the author of Truman?
When was Truman published?
What is the genre of Truman?
How many pages does Truman have?
Can you summarize Truman?
What is Smilla's Sense of Snow about?
Who is the author of Smilla's Sense of Snow?
When was Smilla's Sense of Snow published?
What is the genre of Smilla's Sense of Snow?
How many pages does Smilla's Sense of Snow have?
Can you summarize Smilla's Sense of Snow?
What is Red Mars (Mars Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Red Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
When was Red Mars (Mars Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Red Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
How many pages does Red Mars (Mars Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Red Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
What is The Tale of the Body Thief (Rice, Anne, Vampire Chronicles, Bk. 4.) about?
Who is the author of The Tale of the Body Thief (Rice, Anne, Vampire Chronicles, Bk. 4.)?
When was The Tale of the Body Thief (Rice, Anne, Vampire Chronicles, Bk. 4.) published?
What is the genre of The Tale of the Body Thief (Rice, Anne, Vampire Chronicles, Bk. 4.)?
How many pages does The Tale of the Body Thief (Rice, Anne, Vampire Chronicles, Bk. 4.) have?
Can you summarize The Tale of the Body Thief (Rice, Anne, Vampire Chronicles, Bk. 4.)?
What is The Children of Men about?
Who is the author of The Children of Men?
When was The Children of Men published?
What is the genre of The Children of Men?
How many pages does The Children of Men have?
Can you summarize The Children of Men?
What is Dark Force Rising (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 2) about?
Who is the author of Dark Force Rising (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 2)?
When was Dark Force Rising (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 2) published?
What is the genre of Dark Force Rising (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 2)?
How many pages does Dark Force Rising (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 2) have?
Can you summarize Dark Force Rising (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 2)?
What is The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes about?
Who is the author of The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes?
When was The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes published?
What is the genre of The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes?
How many pages does The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes have?
Can you summarize The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes?
What is All that remains about?
Who is the author of All that remains?
When was All that remains published?
What is the genre of All that remains?
How many pages does All that remains have?
Can you summarize All that remains?
What is Dinosaurs Before Dark about?
Who is the author of Dinosaurs Before Dark?
When was Dinosaurs Before Dark published?
What is the genre of Dinosaurs Before Dark?
How many pages does Dinosaurs Before Dark have?
Can you summarize Dinosaurs Before Dark?
What is Ishmael about?
Who is the author of Ishmael?
When was Ishmael published?
What is the genre of Ishmael?
How many pages does Ishmael have?
Can you summarize Ishmael?
What is Jazz about?
Who is the author of Jazz?
When was Jazz published?
What is the genre of Jazz?
How many pages does Jazz have?
Can you summarize Jazz?
What is The Princes in the Tower about?
Who is the author of The Princes in the Tower?
When was The Princes in the Tower published?
What is the genre of The Princes in the Tower?
How many pages does The Princes in the Tower have?
Can you summarize The Princes in the Tower?
What is Angels in America about?
Who is the author of Angels in America?
When was Angels in America published?
What is the genre of Angels in America?
How many pages does Angels in America have?
Can you summarize Angels in America?
What is Anno Dracula about?
Who is the author of Anno Dracula?
When was Anno Dracula published?
What is the genre of Anno Dracula?
How many pages does Anno Dracula have?
Can you summarize Anno Dracula?
What is The Bridges of Madison County about?
Who is the author of The Bridges of Madison County?
When was The Bridges of Madison County published?
What is the genre of The Bridges of Madison County?
How many pages does The Bridges of Madison County have?
Can you summarize The Bridges of Madison County?
What is Cows of our planet about?
Who is the author of Cows of our planet?
When was Cows of our planet published?
What is the genre of Cows of our planet?
How many pages does Cows of our planet have?
Can you summarize Cows of our planet?
What is Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus about?
Who is the author of Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus?
When was Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus published?
What is the genre of Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus?
How many pages does Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus have?
Can you summarize Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus?
What is The Elf Queen of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) about?
Who is the author of The Elf Queen of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
When was The Elf Queen of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) published?
What is the genre of The Elf Queen of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
How many pages does The Elf Queen of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) have?
Can you summarize The Elf Queen of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
What is Postcards about?
Who is the author of Postcards?
When was Postcards published?
What is the genre of Postcards?
How many pages does Postcards have?
Can you summarize Postcards?
What is On Basilisk Station about?
Who is the author of On Basilisk Station?
When was On Basilisk Station published?
What is the genre of On Basilisk Station?
How many pages does On Basilisk Station have?
Can you summarize On Basilisk Station?
What is She's Come Undone (Oprah's Book Club) about?
Who is the author of She's Come Undone (Oprah's Book Club)?
When was She's Come Undone (Oprah's Book Club) published?
What is the genre of She's Come Undone (Oprah's Book Club)?
How many pages does She's Come Undone (Oprah's Book Club) have?
Can you summarize She's Come Undone (Oprah's Book Club)?
What is Salamandastron about?
Who is the author of Salamandastron?
When was Salamandastron published?
What is the genre of Salamandastron?
How many pages does Salamandastron have?
Can you summarize Salamandastron?
What is The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales about?
Who is the author of The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales?
When was The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales published?
What is the genre of The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales?
How many pages does The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales have?
Can you summarize The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales?
What is Lullaby Town (Elvis Cole Novels) about?
Who is the author of Lullaby Town (Elvis Cole Novels)?
When was Lullaby Town (Elvis Cole Novels) published?
What is the genre of Lullaby Town (Elvis Cole Novels)?
How many pages does Lullaby Town (Elvis Cole Novels) have?
Can you summarize Lullaby Town (Elvis Cole Novels)?
What is The Holy Thief about?
Who is the author of The Holy Thief?
When was The Holy Thief published?
What is the genre of The Holy Thief?
How many pages does The Holy Thief have?
Can you summarize The Holy Thief?
What is How to travel with a salmon & other essays about?
Who is the author of How to travel with a salmon & other essays?
When was How to travel with a salmon & other essays published?
What is the genre of How to travel with a salmon & other essays?
How many pages does How to travel with a salmon & other essays have?
Can you summarize How to travel with a salmon & other essays?
What is Summer of the Monkeys about?
Who is the author of Summer of the Monkeys?
When was Summer of the Monkeys published?
What is the genre of Summer of the Monkeys?
How many pages does Summer of the Monkeys have?
Can you summarize Summer of the Monkeys?
What is A dark and hungry God arises about?
Who is the author of A dark and hungry God arises?
When was A dark and hungry God arises published?
What is the genre of A dark and hungry God arises?
How many pages does A dark and hungry God arises have?
Can you summarize A dark and hungry God arises?
What is Sacred hunger about?
Who is the author of Sacred hunger?
When was Sacred hunger published?
What is the genre of Sacred hunger?
How many pages does Sacred hunger have?
Can you summarize Sacred hunger?
What is All the Pretty Horses about?
Who is the author of All the Pretty Horses?
When was All the Pretty Horses published?
What is the genre of All the Pretty Horses?
How many pages does All the Pretty Horses have?
Can you summarize All the Pretty Horses?
What is The rainbow fish about?
Who is the author of The rainbow fish?
When was The rainbow fish published?
What is the genre of The rainbow fish?
How many pages does The rainbow fish have?
Can you summarize The rainbow fish?
What is A World Lit Only by Fire about?
Who is the author of A World Lit Only by Fire?
When was A World Lit Only by Fire published?
What is the genre of A World Lit Only by Fire?
How many pages does A World Lit Only by Fire have?
Can you summarize A World Lit Only by Fire?
What is Tooth and Nail (Inspector Rebus) about?
Who is the author of Tooth and Nail (Inspector Rebus)?
When was Tooth and Nail (Inspector Rebus) published?
What is the genre of Tooth and Nail (Inspector Rebus)?
How many pages does Tooth and Nail (Inspector Rebus) have?
Can you summarize Tooth and Nail (Inspector Rebus)?
What is A Cold Day for Murder (Kate Shugak Mystery) about?
Who is the author of A Cold Day for Murder (Kate Shugak Mystery)?
When was A Cold Day for Murder (Kate Shugak Mystery) published?
What is the genre of A Cold Day for Murder (Kate Shugak Mystery)?
How many pages does A Cold Day for Murder (Kate Shugak Mystery) have?
Can you summarize A Cold Day for Murder (Kate Shugak Mystery)?
What is Strip Jack about?
Who is the author of Strip Jack?
When was Strip Jack published?
What is the genre of Strip Jack?
How many pages does Strip Jack have?
Can you summarize Strip Jack?
What is Dying for Chocolate about?
Who is the author of Dying for Chocolate?
When was Dying for Chocolate published?
What is the genre of Dying for Chocolate?
How many pages does Dying for Chocolate have?
Can you summarize Dying for Chocolate?
What is Gadiantons and the Silver Sword (Tennis Shoes Adventure Series) about?
Who is the author of Gadiantons and the Silver Sword (Tennis Shoes Adventure Series)?
When was Gadiantons and the Silver Sword (Tennis Shoes Adventure Series) published?
What is the genre of Gadiantons and the Silver Sword (Tennis Shoes Adventure Series)?
How many pages does Gadiantons and the Silver Sword (Tennis Shoes Adventure Series) have?
Can you summarize Gadiantons and the Silver Sword (Tennis Shoes Adventure Series)?
What is The general's daughter about?
Who is the author of The general's daughter?
When was The general's daughter published?
What is the genre of The general's daughter?
How many pages does The general's daughter have?
Can you summarize The general's daughter?
What is Angels & insects about?
Who is the author of Angels & insects?
When was Angels & insects published?
What is the genre of Angels & insects?
How many pages does Angels & insects have?
Can you summarize Angels & insects?
What is China Mountain Zhang about?
Who is the author of China Mountain Zhang?
When was China Mountain Zhang published?
What is the genre of China Mountain Zhang?
How many pages does China Mountain Zhang have?
Can you summarize China Mountain Zhang?
What is Ravished about?
Who is the author of Ravished?
When was Ravished published?
What is the genre of Ravished?
How many pages does Ravished have?
Can you summarize Ravished?
What is Red Square about?
Who is the author of Red Square?
When was Red Square published?
What is the genre of Red Square?
How many pages does Red Square have?
Can you summarize Red Square?
What is Band of Brothers about?
Who is the author of Band of Brothers?
When was Band of Brothers published?
What is the genre of Band of Brothers?
How many pages does Band of Brothers have?
Can you summarize Band of Brothers?
What is Gone south about?
Who is the author of Gone south?
When was Gone south published?
What is the genre of Gone south?
How many pages does Gone south have?
Can you summarize Gone south?
What is Black Dogs about?
Who is the author of Black Dogs?
When was Black Dogs published?
What is the genre of Black Dogs?
How many pages does Black Dogs have?
Can you summarize Black Dogs?
What is Possessing the Secret of Joy about?
Who is the author of Possessing the Secret of Joy?
When was Possessing the Secret of Joy published?
What is the genre of Possessing the Secret of Joy?
How many pages does Possessing the Secret of Joy have?
Can you summarize Possessing the Secret of Joy?
What is Bootlegger's daughter about?
Who is the author of Bootlegger's daughter?
When was Bootlegger's daughter published?
What is the genre of Bootlegger's daughter?
How many pages does Bootlegger's daughter have?
Can you summarize Bootlegger's daughter?
What is ELMINSTER about?
Who is the author of ELMINSTER?
When was ELMINSTER published?
What is the genre of ELMINSTER?
How many pages does ELMINSTER have?
Can you summarize ELMINSTER?
What is Reckless about?
Who is the author of Reckless?
When was Reckless published?
What is the genre of Reckless?
How many pages does Reckless have?
Can you summarize Reckless?
What is The dogs of Riga about?
Who is the author of The dogs of Riga?
When was The dogs of Riga published?
What is the genre of The dogs of Riga?
How many pages does The dogs of Riga have?
Can you summarize The dogs of Riga?
What is Thyme of Death (China Bayles 1) about?
Who is the author of Thyme of Death (China Bayles 1)?
When was Thyme of Death (China Bayles 1) published?
What is the genre of Thyme of Death (China Bayles 1)?
How many pages does Thyme of Death (China Bayles 1) have?
Can you summarize Thyme of Death (China Bayles 1)?
What is For the Sake of Elena (Inspector Lynley Mystery) about?
Who is the author of For the Sake of Elena (Inspector Lynley Mystery)?
When was For the Sake of Elena (Inspector Lynley Mystery) published?
What is the genre of For the Sake of Elena (Inspector Lynley Mystery)?
How many pages does For the Sake of Elena (Inspector Lynley Mystery) have?
Can you summarize For the Sake of Elena (Inspector Lynley Mystery)?
What is Sacred Clowns about?
Who is the author of Sacred Clowns?
When was Sacred Clowns published?
What is the genre of Sacred Clowns?
How many pages does Sacred Clowns have?
Can you summarize Sacred Clowns?
What is First Evil (Fear Street Cheerleaders 1)  about?
Who is the author of First Evil (Fear Street Cheerleaders 1) ?
When was First Evil (Fear Street Cheerleaders 1)  published?
What is the genre of First Evil (Fear Street Cheerleaders 1) ?
How many pages does First Evil (Fear Street Cheerleaders 1)  have?
Can you summarize First Evil (Fear Street Cheerleaders 1) ?
What is Emigrants about?
Who is the author of Emigrants?
When was Emigrants published?
What is the genre of Emigrants?
How many pages does Emigrants have?
Can you summarize Emigrants?
What is A Place of Greater Safety about?
Who is the author of A Place of Greater Safety?
When was A Place of Greater Safety published?
What is the genre of A Place of Greater Safety?
How many pages does A Place of Greater Safety have?
Can you summarize A Place of Greater Safety?
What is Lost Boys about?
Who is the author of Lost Boys?
When was Lost Boys published?
What is the genre of Lost Boys?
How many pages does Lost Boys have?
Can you summarize Lost Boys?
What is Honest illusions about?
Who is the author of Honest illusions?
When was Honest illusions published?
What is the genre of Honest illusions?
How many pages does Honest illusions have?
Can you summarize Honest illusions?
What is A Fire Upon The Deep (Zones of Thought) about?
Who is the author of A Fire Upon The Deep (Zones of Thought)?
When was A Fire Upon The Deep (Zones of Thought) published?
What is the genre of A Fire Upon The Deep (Zones of Thought)?
How many pages does A Fire Upon The Deep (Zones of Thought) have?
Can you summarize A Fire Upon The Deep (Zones of Thought)?
What is Flowers from the Storm about?
Who is the author of Flowers from the Storm?
When was Flowers from the Storm published?
What is the genre of Flowers from the Storm?
How many pages does Flowers from the Storm have?
Can you summarize Flowers from the Storm?
What is Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons
            
                Calvin and Hobbes Turtleback about?
Who is the author of Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons
            
                Calvin and Hobbes Turtleback?
When was Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons
            
                Calvin and Hobbes Turtleback published?
What is the genre of Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons
            
                Calvin and Hobbes Turtleback?
How many pages does Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons
            
                Calvin and Hobbes Turtleback have?
Can you summarize Attack of the Deranged Mutant Killer Monster Snow Goons
            
                Calvin and Hobbes Turtleback?
What is Earth in the Balance about?
Who is the author of Earth in the Balance?
When was Earth in the Balance published?
What is the genre of Earth in the Balance?
How many pages does Earth in the Balance have?
Can you summarize Earth in the Balance?
What is The ship who searched about?
Who is the author of The ship who searched?
When was The ship who searched published?
What is the genre of The ship who searched?
How many pages does The ship who searched have?
Can you summarize The ship who searched?
What is Portent about?
Who is the author of Portent?
When was Portent published?
What is the genre of Portent?
How many pages does Portent have?
Can you summarize Portent?
What is The 27-Ingredient Chili Con Carne Murders about?
Who is the author of The 27-Ingredient Chili Con Carne Murders?
When was The 27-Ingredient Chili Con Carne Murders published?
What is the genre of The 27-Ingredient Chili Con Carne Murders?
How many pages does The 27-Ingredient Chili Con Carne Murders have?
Can you summarize The 27-Ingredient Chili Con Carne Murders?
What is Booked to Die (Cliff Janeway Novels) about?
Who is the author of Booked to Die (Cliff Janeway Novels)?
When was Booked to Die (Cliff Janeway Novels) published?
What is the genre of Booked to Die (Cliff Janeway Novels)?
How many pages does Booked to Die (Cliff Janeway Novels) have?
Can you summarize Booked to Die (Cliff Janeway Novels)?
What is Along came a spider about?
Who is the author of Along came a spider?
When was Along came a spider published?
What is the genre of Along came a spider?
How many pages does Along came a spider have?
Can you summarize Along came a spider?
What is Bastard Out of Carolina (Essential Edition): (Plume Essential Edition) about?
Who is the author of Bastard Out of Carolina (Essential Edition): (Plume Essential Edition)?
When was Bastard Out of Carolina (Essential Edition): (Plume Essential Edition) published?
What is the genre of Bastard Out of Carolina (Essential Edition): (Plume Essential Edition)?
How many pages does Bastard Out of Carolina (Essential Edition): (Plume Essential Edition) have?
Can you summarize Bastard Out of Carolina (Essential Edition): (Plume Essential Edition)?
What is A bone to pick about?
Who is the author of A bone to pick?
When was A bone to pick published?
What is the genre of A bone to pick?
How many pages does A bone to pick have?
Can you summarize A bone to pick?
What is The Last Tsar about?
Who is the author of The Last Tsar?
When was The Last Tsar published?
What is the genre of The Last Tsar?
How many pages does The Last Tsar have?
Can you summarize The Last Tsar?
What is Mexico about?
Who is the author of Mexico?
When was Mexico published?
What is the genre of Mexico?
How many pages does Mexico have?
Can you summarize Mexico?
What is Diana about?
Who is the author of Diana?
When was Diana published?
What is the genre of Diana?
How many pages does Diana have?
Can you summarize Diana?
What is Ice House about?
Who is the author of Ice House?
When was Ice House published?
What is the genre of Ice House?
How many pages does Ice House have?
Can you summarize Ice House?
What is The Titian Committee (Art History Mystery) about?
Who is the author of The Titian Committee (Art History Mystery)?
When was The Titian Committee (Art History Mystery) published?
What is the genre of The Titian Committee (Art History Mystery)?
How many pages does The Titian Committee (Art History Mystery) have?
Can you summarize The Titian Committee (Art History Mystery)?
What is Death at La Fenice about?
Who is the author of Death at La Fenice?
When was Death at La Fenice published?
What is the genre of Death at La Fenice?
How many pages does Death at La Fenice have?
Can you summarize Death at La Fenice?
What is Death in Disguise (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Death in Disguise (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries)?
When was Death in Disguise (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Death in Disguise (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries)?
How many pages does Death in Disguise (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Death in Disguise (Inspector Barnaby Mysteries)?
What is Last Call about?
Who is the author of Last Call?
When was Last Call published?
What is the genre of Last Call?
How many pages does Last Call have?
Can you summarize Last Call?
What is I Am the Clay about?
Who is the author of I Am the Clay?
When was I Am the Clay published?
What is the genre of I Am the Clay?
How many pages does I Am the Clay have?
Can you summarize I Am the Clay?
What is The king's equal about?
Who is the author of The king's equal?
When was The king's equal published?
What is the genre of The king's equal?
How many pages does The king's equal have?
Can you summarize The king's equal?
What is Little Altars Everywhere about?
Who is the author of Little Altars Everywhere?
When was Little Altars Everywhere published?
What is the genre of Little Altars Everywhere?
How many pages does Little Altars Everywhere have?
Can you summarize Little Altars Everywhere?
What is Lincoln at Gettysburg about?
Who is the author of Lincoln at Gettysburg?
When was Lincoln at Gettysburg published?
What is the genre of Lincoln at Gettysburg?
How many pages does Lincoln at Gettysburg have?
Can you summarize Lincoln at Gettysburg?
What is Prom Queen (Fear Street) about?
Who is the author of Prom Queen (Fear Street)?
When was Prom Queen (Fear Street) published?
What is the genre of Prom Queen (Fear Street)?
How many pages does Prom Queen (Fear Street) have?
Can you summarize Prom Queen (Fear Street)?
What is The Giver about?
Who is the author of The Giver?
When was The Giver published?
What is the genre of The Giver?
How many pages does The Giver have?
Can you summarize The Giver?
What is Voyager about?
Who is the author of Voyager?
When was Voyager published?
What is the genre of Voyager?
How many pages does Voyager have?
Can you summarize Voyager?
What is The Shipping News about?
Who is the author of The Shipping News?
When was The Shipping News published?
What is the genre of The Shipping News?
How many pages does The Shipping News have?
Can you summarize The Shipping News?
What is The Fires of Heaven (Wheel of Time) about?
Who is the author of The Fires of Heaven (Wheel of Time)?
When was The Fires of Heaven (Wheel of Time) published?
What is the genre of The Fires of Heaven (Wheel of Time)?
How many pages does The Fires of Heaven (Wheel of Time) have?
Can you summarize The Fires of Heaven (Wheel of Time)?
What is Parable of the Sower about?
Who is the author of Parable of the Sower?
When was Parable of the Sower published?
What is the genre of Parable of the Sower?
How many pages does Parable of the Sower have?
Can you summarize Parable of the Sower?
What is The client about?
Who is the author of The client?
When was The client published?
What is the genre of The client?
How many pages does The client have?
Can you summarize The client?
What is Nightmares and Dreamscapes about?
Who is the author of Nightmares and Dreamscapes?
When was Nightmares and Dreamscapes published?
What is the genre of Nightmares and Dreamscapes?
How many pages does Nightmares and Dreamscapes have?
Can you summarize Nightmares and Dreamscapes?
What is Men at Arms about?
Who is the author of Men at Arms?
When was Men at Arms published?
What is the genre of Men at Arms?
How many pages does Men at Arms have?
Can you summarize Men at Arms?
What is Girl, interrupted about?
Who is the author of Girl, interrupted?
When was Girl, interrupted published?
What is the genre of Girl, interrupted?
How many pages does Girl, interrupted have?
Can you summarize Girl, interrupted?
What is A Suitable Boy about?
Who is the author of A Suitable Boy?
When was A Suitable Boy published?
What is the genre of A Suitable Boy?
How many pages does A Suitable Boy have?
Can you summarize A Suitable Boy?
What is Birdsong about?
Who is the author of Birdsong?
When was Birdsong published?
What is the genre of Birdsong?
How many pages does Birdsong have?
Can you summarize Birdsong?
What is A Lesson Before Dying about?
Who is the author of A Lesson Before Dying?
When was A Lesson Before Dying published?
What is the genre of A Lesson Before Dying?
How many pages does A Lesson Before Dying have?
Can you summarize A Lesson Before Dying?
What is Red Mars (Mars Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Red Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
When was Red Mars (Mars Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Red Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
How many pages does Red Mars (Mars Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Red Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
What is Deerskin about?
Who is the author of Deerskin?
When was Deerskin published?
What is the genre of Deerskin?
How many pages does Deerskin have?
Can you summarize Deerskin?
What is The Last Command (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 3) about?
Who is the author of The Last Command (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 3)?
When was The Last Command (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 3) published?
What is the genre of The Last Command (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 3)?
How many pages does The Last Command (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 3) have?
Can you summarize The Last Command (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 3)?
What is Fables and Reflections about?
Who is the author of Fables and Reflections?
When was Fables and Reflections published?
What is the genre of Fables and Reflections?
How many pages does Fables and Reflections have?
Can you summarize Fables and Reflections?
What is Guilty Pleasures (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Guilty Pleasures (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 1)?
When was Guilty Pleasures (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Guilty Pleasures (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 1)?
How many pages does Guilty Pleasures (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Guilty Pleasures (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 1)?
What is The Black Ice (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of The Black Ice (Harry Bosch)?
When was The Black Ice (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of The Black Ice (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does The Black Ice (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize The Black Ice (Harry Bosch)?
What is Angels in America about?
Who is the author of Angels in America?
When was Angels in America published?
What is the genre of Angels in America?
How many pages does Angels in America have?
Can you summarize Angels in America?
What is The Kissing Hand about?
Who is the author of The Kissing Hand?
When was The Kissing Hand published?
What is the genre of The Kissing Hand?
How many pages does The Kissing Hand have?
Can you summarize The Kissing Hand?
What is A Game of You about?
Who is the author of A Game of You?
When was A Game of You published?
What is the genre of A Game of You?
How many pages does A Game of You have?
Can you summarize A Game of You?
What is The Talismans of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) about?
Who is the author of The Talismans of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
When was The Talismans of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) published?
What is the genre of The Talismans of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
How many pages does The Talismans of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara) have?
Can you summarize The Talismans of Shannara (Heritage of Shannara)?
What is Paddy Clarke ha ha ha about?
Who is the author of Paddy Clarke ha ha ha?
When was Paddy Clarke ha ha ha published?
What is the genre of Paddy Clarke ha ha ha?
How many pages does Paddy Clarke ha ha ha have?
Can you summarize Paddy Clarke ha ha ha?
What is Death: The High Cost of Living about?
Who is the author of Death: The High Cost of Living?
When was Death: The High Cost of Living published?
What is the genre of Death: The High Cost of Living?
How many pages does Death: The High Cost of Living have?
Can you summarize Death: The High Cost of Living?
What is Operating instructions about?
Who is the author of Operating instructions?
When was Operating instructions published?
What is the genre of Operating instructions?
How many pages does Operating instructions have?
Can you summarize Operating instructions?
What is The Matisse stories about?
Who is the author of The Matisse stories?
When was The Matisse stories published?
What is the genre of The Matisse stories?
How many pages does The Matisse stories have?
Can you summarize The Matisse stories?
What is To Green Angel Tower, Book Three about?
Who is the author of To Green Angel Tower, Book Three?
When was To Green Angel Tower, Book Three published?
What is the genre of To Green Angel Tower, Book Three?
How many pages does To Green Angel Tower, Book Three have?
Can you summarize To Green Angel Tower, Book Three?
What is On Basilisk Station about?
Who is the author of On Basilisk Station?
When was On Basilisk Station published?
What is the genre of On Basilisk Station?
How many pages does On Basilisk Station have?
Can you summarize On Basilisk Station?
What is Deception about?
Who is the author of Deception?
When was Deception published?
What is the genre of Deception?
How many pages does Deception have?
Can you summarize Deception?
What is Dangerous about?
Who is the author of Dangerous?
When was Dangerous published?
What is the genre of Dangerous?
How many pages does Dangerous have?
Can you summarize Dangerous?
What is The  honor of the Queen about?
Who is the author of The  honor of the Queen?
When was The  honor of the Queen published?
What is the genre of The  honor of the Queen?
How many pages does The  honor of the Queen have?
Can you summarize The  honor of the Queen?
What is Dead man walking about?
Who is the author of Dead man walking?
When was Dead man walking published?
What is the genre of Dead man walking?
How many pages does Dead man walking have?
Can you summarize Dead man walking?
What is The Days are Just Packed about?
Who is the author of The Days are Just Packed?
When was The Days are Just Packed published?
What is the genre of The Days are Just Packed?
How many pages does The Days are Just Packed have?
Can you summarize The Days are Just Packed?
What is A fatal thaw about?
Who is the author of A fatal thaw?
When was A fatal thaw published?
What is the genre of A fatal thaw?
How many pages does A fatal thaw have?
Can you summarize A fatal thaw?
What is Streets Of Laredo about?
Who is the author of Streets Of Laredo?
When was Streets Of Laredo published?
What is the genre of Streets Of Laredo?
How many pages does Streets Of Laredo have?
Can you summarize Streets Of Laredo?
What is Culture and Imperialism about?
Who is the author of Culture and Imperialism?
When was Culture and Imperialism published?
What is the genre of Culture and Imperialism?
How many pages does Culture and Imperialism have?
Can you summarize Culture and Imperialism?
What is Green Mars (Mars Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Green Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
When was Green Mars (Mars Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Green Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
How many pages does Green Mars (Mars Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Green Mars (Mars Trilogy)?
What is Without Remorse about?
Who is the author of Without Remorse?
When was Without Remorse published?
What is the genre of Without Remorse?
How many pages does Without Remorse have?
Can you summarize Without Remorse?
What is Martin the Warrior about?
Who is the author of Martin the Warrior?
When was Martin the Warrior published?
What is the genre of Martin the Warrior?
How many pages does Martin the Warrior have?
Can you summarize Martin the Warrior?
What is The Shining Ones (Book Two of The Tamuli) about?
Who is the author of The Shining Ones (Book Two of The Tamuli)?
When was The Shining Ones (Book Two of The Tamuli) published?
What is the genre of The Shining Ones (Book Two of The Tamuli)?
How many pages does The Shining Ones (Book Two of The Tamuli) have?
Can you summarize The Shining Ones (Book Two of The Tamuli)?
What is A dark and hungry God arises about?
Who is the author of A dark and hungry God arises?
When was A dark and hungry God arises published?
What is the genre of A dark and hungry God arises?
How many pages does A dark and hungry God arises have?
Can you summarize A dark and hungry God arises?
What is Catilina's Riddle about?
Who is the author of Catilina's Riddle?
When was Catilina's Riddle published?
What is the genre of Catilina's Riddle?
How many pages does Catilina's Riddle have?
Can you summarize Catilina's Riddle?
What is The Boggart about?
Who is the author of The Boggart?
When was The Boggart published?
What is the genre of The Boggart?
How many pages does The Boggart have?
Can you summarize The Boggart?
What is Bone Volume 1 about?
Who is the author of Bone Volume 1?
When was Bone Volume 1 published?
What is the genre of Bone Volume 1?
How many pages does Bone Volume 1 have?
Can you summarize Bone Volume 1?
What is Track of the Cat (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Track of the Cat (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
When was Track of the Cat (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Track of the Cat (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
How many pages does Track of the Cat (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Track of the Cat (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
What is The Knight at Dawn about?
Who is the author of The Knight at Dawn?
When was The Knight at Dawn published?
What is the genre of The Knight at Dawn?
How many pages does The Knight at Dawn have?
Can you summarize The Knight at Dawn?
What is The Magic Of You (Malory Novels) about?
Who is the author of The Magic Of You (Malory Novels)?
When was The Magic Of You (Malory Novels) published?
What is the genre of The Magic Of You (Malory Novels)?
How many pages does The Magic Of You (Malory Novels) have?
Can you summarize The Magic Of You (Malory Novels)?
What is The Stone Diaries about?
Who is the author of The Stone Diaries?
When was The Stone Diaries published?
What is the genre of The Stone Diaries?
How many pages does The Stone Diaries have?
Can you summarize The Stone Diaries?
What is Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta Mysteries)?
When was Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta Mysteries)?
How many pages does Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Cruel & Unusual (Kay Scarpetta Mysteries)?
What is The Cereal Murders (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of The Cereal Murders (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 3)?
When was The Cereal Murders (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of The Cereal Murders (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 3)?
How many pages does The Cereal Murders (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize The Cereal Murders (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 3)?
What is Private Scandals about?
Who is the author of Private Scandals?
When was Private Scandals published?
What is the genre of Private Scandals?
How many pages does Private Scandals have?
Can you summarize Private Scandals?
What is Dead in the water about?
Who is the author of Dead in the water?
When was Dead in the water published?
What is the genre of Dead in the water?
How many pages does Dead in the water have?
Can you summarize Dead in the water?
What is Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes about?
Who is the author of Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes?
When was Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes published?
What is the genre of Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes?
How many pages does Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes have?
Can you summarize Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes?
What is Durable goods about?
Who is the author of Durable goods?
When was Durable goods published?
What is the genre of Durable goods?
How many pages does Durable goods have?
Can you summarize Durable goods?
What is Freak the Mighty (Freak the Mighty #1) about?
Who is the author of Freak the Mighty (Freak the Mighty #1)?
When was Freak the Mighty (Freak the Mighty #1) published?
What is the genre of Freak the Mighty (Freak the Mighty #1)?
How many pages does Freak the Mighty (Freak the Mighty #1) have?
Can you summarize Freak the Mighty (Freak the Mighty #1)?
What is Sacred Clowns about?
Who is the author of Sacred Clowns?
When was Sacred Clowns published?
What is the genre of Sacred Clowns?
How many pages does Sacred Clowns have?
Can you summarize Sacred Clowns?
What is Masques about?
Who is the author of Masques?
When was Masques published?
What is the genre of Masques?
How many pages does Masques have?
Can you summarize Masques?
What is The Iron Dragon's Daughter about?
Who is the author of The Iron Dragon's Daughter?
When was The Iron Dragon's Daughter published?
What is the genre of The Iron Dragon's Daughter?
How many pages does The Iron Dragon's Daughter have?
Can you summarize The Iron Dragon's Daughter?
What is Arcadia about?
Who is the author of Arcadia?
When was Arcadia published?
What is the genre of Arcadia?
How many pages does Arcadia have?
Can you summarize Arcadia?
What is Fortune's favorites about?
Who is the author of Fortune's favorites?
When was Fortune's favorites published?
What is the genre of Fortune's favorites?
How many pages does Fortune's favorites have?
Can you summarize Fortune's favorites?
What is The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven about?
Who is the author of The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven?
When was The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven published?
What is the genre of The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven?
How many pages does The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven have?
Can you summarize The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven?
What is Desire about?
Who is the author of Desire?
When was Desire published?
What is the genre of Desire?
How many pages does Desire have?
Can you summarize Desire?
What is In the eye of the sun about?
Who is the author of In the eye of the sun?
When was In the eye of the sun published?
What is the genre of In the eye of the sun?
How many pages does In the eye of the sun have?
Can you summarize In the eye of the sun?
What is Morse's greatest mystery, and other stories about?
Who is the author of Morse's greatest mystery, and other stories?
When was Morse's greatest mystery, and other stories published?
What is the genre of Morse's greatest mystery, and other stories?
How many pages does Morse's greatest mystery, and other stories have?
Can you summarize Morse's greatest mystery, and other stories?
What is Borderliners about?
Who is the author of Borderliners?
When was Borderliners published?
What is the genre of Borderliners?
How many pages does Borderliners have?
Can you summarize Borderliners?
What is Snow White, Blood Red about?
Who is the author of Snow White, Blood Red?
When was Snow White, Blood Red published?
What is the genre of Snow White, Blood Red?
How many pages does Snow White, Blood Red have?
Can you summarize Snow White, Blood Red?
What is River God about?
Who is the author of River God?
When was River God published?
What is the genre of River God?
How many pages does River God have?
Can you summarize River God?
What is Hunting Party about?
Who is the author of Hunting Party?
When was Hunting Party published?
What is the genre of Hunting Party?
How many pages does Hunting Party have?
Can you summarize Hunting Party?
What is The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig about?
Who is the author of The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig?
When was The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig published?
What is the genre of The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig?
How many pages does The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig have?
Can you summarize The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig?
What is Beggars in Spain about?
Who is the author of Beggars in Spain?
When was Beggars in Spain published?
What is the genre of Beggars in Spain?
How many pages does Beggars in Spain have?
Can you summarize Beggars in Spain?
What is Two Old Women about?
Who is the author of Two Old Women?
When was Two Old Women published?
What is the genre of Two Old Women?
How many pages does Two Old Women have?
Can you summarize Two Old Women?
What is Bloody Bones (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 5) about?
Who is the author of Bloody Bones (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 5)?
When was Bloody Bones (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 5) published?
What is the genre of Bloody Bones (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 5)?
How many pages does Bloody Bones (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 5) have?
Can you summarize Bloody Bones (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 5)?
What is Nightshade about?
Who is the author of Nightshade?
When was Nightshade published?
What is the genre of Nightshade?
How many pages does Nightshade have?
Can you summarize Nightshade?
What is Charms for the easy life about?
Who is the author of Charms for the easy life?
When was Charms for the easy life published?
What is the genre of Charms for the easy life?
How many pages does Charms for the easy life have?
Can you summarize Charms for the easy life?
What is Owen about?
Who is the author of Owen?
When was Owen published?
What is the genre of Owen?
How many pages does Owen have?
Can you summarize Owen?
What is Bolt about?
Who is the author of Bolt?
When was Bolt published?
What is the genre of Bolt?
How many pages does Bolt have?
Can you summarize Bolt?
What is Mrs. Pollifax and the second thief about?
Who is the author of Mrs. Pollifax and the second thief?
When was Mrs. Pollifax and the second thief published?
What is the genre of Mrs. Pollifax and the second thief?
How many pages does Mrs. Pollifax and the second thief have?
Can you summarize Mrs. Pollifax and the second thief?
What is J Is for Judgment about?
Who is the author of J Is for Judgment?
When was J Is for Judgment published?
What is the genre of J Is for Judgment?
How many pages does J Is for Judgment have?
Can you summarize J Is for Judgment?
What is Witches' Bane (China Bayles 2) about?
Who is the author of Witches' Bane (China Bayles 2)?
When was Witches' Bane (China Bayles 2) published?
What is the genre of Witches' Bane (China Bayles 2)?
How many pages does Witches' Bane (China Bayles 2) have?
Can you summarize Witches' Bane (China Bayles 2)?
What is The Club Dumas about?
Who is the author of The Club Dumas?
When was The Club Dumas published?
What is the genre of The Club Dumas?
How many pages does The Club Dumas have?
Can you summarize The Club Dumas?
What is The forestwife about?
Who is the author of The forestwife?
When was The forestwife published?
What is the genre of The forestwife?
How many pages does The forestwife have?
Can you summarize The forestwife?
What is Perfect about?
Who is the author of Perfect?
When was Perfect published?
What is the genre of Perfect?
How many pages does Perfect have?
Can you summarize Perfect?
What is Mama makes up her mind about?
Who is the author of Mama makes up her mind?
When was Mama makes up her mind published?
What is the genre of Mama makes up her mind?
How many pages does Mama makes up her mind have?
Can you summarize Mama makes up her mind?
What is The Dance of Deception about?
Who is the author of The Dance of Deception?
When was The Dance of Deception published?
What is the genre of The Dance of Deception?
How many pages does The Dance of Deception have?
Can you summarize The Dance of Deception?
What is Remembering Babylon about?
Who is the author of Remembering Babylon?
When was Remembering Babylon published?
What is the genre of Remembering Babylon?
How many pages does Remembering Babylon have?
Can you summarize Remembering Babylon?
What is Captivated about?
Who is the author of Captivated?
When was Captivated published?
What is the genre of Captivated?
How many pages does Captivated have?
Can you summarize Captivated?
What is The White Lioness about?
Who is the author of The White Lioness?
When was The White Lioness published?
What is the genre of The White Lioness?
How many pages does The White Lioness have?
Can you summarize The White Lioness?
What is The Chronicles of Pern about?
Who is the author of The Chronicles of Pern?
When was The Chronicles of Pern published?
What is the genre of The Chronicles of Pern?
How many pages does The Chronicles of Pern have?
Can you summarize The Chronicles of Pern?
What is Red Azalea about?
Who is the author of Red Azalea?
When was Red Azalea published?
What is the genre of Red Azalea?
How many pages does Red Azalea have?
Can you summarize Red Azalea?
What is The Ragamuffin Gospel about?
Who is the author of The Ragamuffin Gospel?
When was The Ragamuffin Gospel published?
What is the genre of The Ragamuffin Gospel?
How many pages does The Ragamuffin Gospel have?
Can you summarize The Ragamuffin Gospel?
What is The magnificent rogue about?
Who is the author of The magnificent rogue?
When was The magnificent rogue published?
What is the genre of The magnificent rogue?
How many pages does The magnificent rogue have?
Can you summarize The magnificent rogue?
What is When I was Puerto Rican about?
Who is the author of When I was Puerto Rican?
When was When I was Puerto Rican published?
What is the genre of When I was Puerto Rican?
How many pages does When I was Puerto Rican have?
Can you summarize When I was Puerto Rican?
What is One for the Money about?
Who is the author of One for the Money?
When was One for the Money published?
What is the genre of One for the Money?
How many pages does One for the Money have?
Can you summarize One for the Money?
What is Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil about?
Who is the author of Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil?
When was Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil published?
What is the genre of Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil?
How many pages does Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil have?
Can you summarize Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil?
What is Soul Music (Discworld Novel) about?
Who is the author of Soul Music (Discworld Novel)?
When was Soul Music (Discworld Novel) published?
What is the genre of Soul Music (Discworld Novel)?
How many pages does Soul Music (Discworld Novel) have?
Can you summarize Soul Music (Discworld Novel)?
What is Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time, Book 6) about?
Who is the author of Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time, Book 6)?
When was Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time, Book 6) published?
What is the genre of Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time, Book 6)?
How many pages does Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time, Book 6) have?
Can you summarize Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time, Book 6)?
What is The Alienist about?
Who is the author of The Alienist?
When was The Alienist published?
What is the genre of The Alienist?
How many pages does The Alienist have?
Can you summarize The Alienist?
What is Wizard's First Rule (Sword Of Truth) about?
Who is the author of Wizard's First Rule (Sword Of Truth)?
When was Wizard's First Rule (Sword Of Truth) published?
What is the genre of Wizard's First Rule (Sword Of Truth)?
How many pages does Wizard's First Rule (Sword Of Truth) have?
Can you summarize Wizard's First Rule (Sword Of Truth)?
What is Insomnia about?
Who is the author of Insomnia?
When was Insomnia published?
What is the genre of Insomnia?
How many pages does Insomnia have?
Can you summarize Insomnia?
What is The Hot Zone about?
Who is the author of The Hot Zone?
When was The Hot Zone published?
What is the genre of The Hot Zone?
How many pages does The Hot Zone have?
Can you summarize The Hot Zone?
What is Walk Two Moons (Summer Reading Edition) about?
Who is the author of Walk Two Moons (Summer Reading Edition)?
When was Walk Two Moons (Summer Reading Edition) published?
What is the genre of Walk Two Moons (Summer Reading Edition)?
How many pages does Walk Two Moons (Summer Reading Edition) have?
Can you summarize Walk Two Moons (Summer Reading Edition)?
What is The Beekeeper's Apprentice, or, On the Segregation of the Queen about?
Who is the author of The Beekeeper's Apprentice, or, On the Segregation of the Queen?
When was The Beekeeper's Apprentice, or, On the Segregation of the Queen published?
What is the genre of The Beekeeper's Apprentice, or, On the Segregation of the Queen?
How many pages does The Beekeeper's Apprentice, or, On the Segregation of the Queen have?
Can you summarize The Beekeeper's Apprentice, or, On the Segregation of the Queen?
What is Snow Falling on Cedars about?
Who is the author of Snow Falling on Cedars?
When was Snow Falling on Cedars published?
What is the genre of Snow Falling on Cedars?
How many pages does Snow Falling on Cedars have?
Can you summarize Snow Falling on Cedars?
What is Guess how much I love you about?
Who is the author of Guess how much I love you?
When was Guess how much I love you published?
What is the genre of Guess how much I love you?
How many pages does Guess how much I love you have?
Can you summarize Guess how much I love you?
What is Mirror dance about?
Who is the author of Mirror dance?
When was Mirror dance published?
What is the genre of Mirror dance?
How many pages does Mirror dance have?
Can you summarize Mirror dance?
What is In the Time of the Butterflies about?
Who is the author of In the Time of the Butterflies?
When was In the Time of the Butterflies published?
What is the genre of In the Time of the Butterflies?
How many pages does In the Time of the Butterflies have?
Can you summarize In the Time of the Butterflies?
What is Corelli's Mandolin about?
Who is the author of Corelli's Mandolin?
When was Corelli's Mandolin published?
What is the genre of Corelli's Mandolin?
How many pages does Corelli's Mandolin have?
Can you summarize Corelli's Mandolin?
What is Homicidal psycho jungle cat about?
Who is the author of Homicidal psycho jungle cat?
When was Homicidal psycho jungle cat published?
What is the genre of Homicidal psycho jungle cat?
How many pages does Homicidal psycho jungle cat have?
Can you summarize Homicidal psycho jungle cat?
What is Sandman about?
Who is the author of Sandman?
When was Sandman published?
What is the genre of Sandman?
How many pages does Sandman have?
Can you summarize Sandman?
What is How the Irish Saved Civilization about?
Who is the author of How the Irish Saved Civilization?
When was How the Irish Saved Civilization published?
What is the genre of How the Irish Saved Civilization?
How many pages does How the Irish Saved Civilization have?
Can you summarize How the Irish Saved Civilization?
What is The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch)?
When was The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch)?
What is The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle about?
Who is the author of The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle?
When was The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle published?
What is the genre of The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle?
How many pages does The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle have?
Can you summarize The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle?
What is The Chamber about?
Who is the author of The Chamber?
When was The Chamber published?
What is the genre of The Chamber?
How many pages does The Chamber have?
Can you summarize The Chamber?
What is Shinju about?
Who is the author of Shinju?
When was Shinju published?
What is the genre of Shinju?
How many pages does Shinju have?
Can you summarize Shinju?
What is The Last Suppers (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of The Last Suppers (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 4)?
When was The Last Suppers (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of The Last Suppers (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 4)?
How many pages does The Last Suppers (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize The Last Suppers (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 4)?
What is The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye about?
Who is the author of The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye?
When was The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye published?
What is the genre of The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye?
How many pages does The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye have?
Can you summarize The Djinn in the Nightingale's Eye?
What is Interesting Times about?
Who is the author of Interesting Times?
When was Interesting Times published?
What is the genre of Interesting Times?
How many pages does Interesting Times have?
Can you summarize Interesting Times?
What is Debt of Honor (Jack Ryan Novels) about?
Who is the author of Debt of Honor (Jack Ryan Novels)?
When was Debt of Honor (Jack Ryan Novels) published?
What is the genre of Debt of Honor (Jack Ryan Novels)?
How many pages does Debt of Honor (Jack Ryan Novels) have?
Can you summarize Debt of Honor (Jack Ryan Novels)?
What is Politically Correct Bedtime Stories about?
Who is the author of Politically Correct Bedtime Stories?
When was Politically Correct Bedtime Stories published?
What is the genre of Politically Correct Bedtime Stories?
How many pages does Politically Correct Bedtime Stories have?
Can you summarize Politically Correct Bedtime Stories?
What is The island of the day before about?
Who is the author of The island of the day before?
When was The island of the day before published?
What is the genre of The island of the day before?
How many pages does The island of the day before have?
Can you summarize The island of the day before?
What is Mistress about?
Who is the author of Mistress?
When was Mistress published?
What is the genre of Mistress?
How many pages does Mistress have?
Can you summarize Mistress?
What is Long Walk to Freedom about?
Who is the author of Long Walk to Freedom?
When was Long Walk to Freedom published?
What is the genre of Long Walk to Freedom?
How many pages does Long Walk to Freedom have?
Can you summarize Long Walk to Freedom?
What is Missing Joseph (Inspector Lynley Mystery) about?
Who is the author of Missing Joseph (Inspector Lynley Mystery)?
When was Missing Joseph (Inspector Lynley Mystery) published?
What is the genre of Missing Joseph (Inspector Lynley Mystery)?
How many pages does Missing Joseph (Inspector Lynley Mystery) have?
Can you summarize Missing Joseph (Inspector Lynley Mystery)?
What is Death: The High Cost of Living about?
Who is the author of Death: The High Cost of Living?
When was Death: The High Cost of Living published?
What is the genre of Death: The High Cost of Living?
How many pages does Death: The High Cost of Living have?
Can you summarize Death: The High Cost of Living?
What is The Dolphins of Pern about?
Who is the author of The Dolphins of Pern?
When was The Dolphins of Pern published?
What is the genre of The Dolphins of Pern?
How many pages does The Dolphins of Pern have?
Can you summarize The Dolphins of Pern?
What is Catherine, Called Birdy (Summer Reading Edition) about?
Who is the author of Catherine, Called Birdy (Summer Reading Edition)?
When was Catherine, Called Birdy (Summer Reading Edition) published?
What is the genre of Catherine, Called Birdy (Summer Reading Edition)?
How many pages does Catherine, Called Birdy (Summer Reading Edition) have?
Can you summarize Catherine, Called Birdy (Summer Reading Edition)?
What is Emperor Mage about?
Who is the author of Emperor Mage?
When was Emperor Mage published?
What is the genre of Emperor Mage?
How many pages does Emperor Mage have?
Can you summarize Emperor Mage?
What is The Bellmaker about?
Who is the author of The Bellmaker?
When was The Bellmaker published?
What is the genre of The Bellmaker?
How many pages does The Bellmaker have?
Can you summarize The Bellmaker?
What is Three Bedrooms, One Corpse about?
Who is the author of Three Bedrooms, One Corpse?
When was Three Bedrooms, One Corpse published?
What is the genre of Three Bedrooms, One Corpse?
How many pages does Three Bedrooms, One Corpse have?
Can you summarize Three Bedrooms, One Corpse?
What is Carried Away: A Personal Selection of Stories about?
Who is the author of Carried Away: A Personal Selection of Stories?
When was Carried Away: A Personal Selection of Stories published?
What is the genre of Carried Away: A Personal Selection of Stories?
How many pages does Carried Away: A Personal Selection of Stories have?
Can you summarize Carried Away: A Personal Selection of Stories?
What is The Ice Storm about?
Who is the author of The Ice Storm?
When was The Ice Storm published?
What is the genre of The Ice Storm?
How many pages does The Ice Storm have?
Can you summarize The Ice Storm?
What is James Herriot's Cat Stories about?
Who is the author of James Herriot's Cat Stories?
When was James Herriot's Cat Stories published?
What is the genre of James Herriot's Cat Stories?
How many pages does James Herriot's Cat Stories have?
Can you summarize James Herriot's Cat Stories?
What is Of Love and Other Demons about?
Who is the author of Of Love and Other Demons?
When was Of Love and Other Demons published?
What is the genre of Of Love and Other Demons?
How many pages does Of Love and Other Demons have?
Can you summarize Of Love and Other Demons?
What is Brother Cadfael's penance about?
Who is the author of Brother Cadfael's penance?
When was Brother Cadfael's penance published?
What is the genre of Brother Cadfael's penance?
How many pages does Brother Cadfael's penance have?
Can you summarize Brother Cadfael's penance?
What is Taltos about?
Who is the author of Taltos?
When was Taltos published?
What is the genre of Taltos?
How many pages does Taltos have?
Can you summarize Taltos?
What is The rape of Europa about?
Who is the author of The rape of Europa?
When was The rape of Europa published?
What is the genre of The rape of Europa?
How many pages does The rape of Europa have?
Can you summarize The rape of Europa?
What is The Man Who Smiled (Kurt Wallander Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of The Man Who Smiled (Kurt Wallander Mysteries)?
When was The Man Who Smiled (Kurt Wallander Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of The Man Who Smiled (Kurt Wallander Mysteries)?
How many pages does The Man Who Smiled (Kurt Wallander Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize The Man Who Smiled (Kurt Wallander Mysteries)?
What is The Samurai's garden about?
Who is the author of The Samurai's garden?
When was The Samurai's garden published?
What is the genre of The Samurai's garden?
How many pages does The Samurai's garden have?
Can you summarize The Samurai's garden?
What is Poetry for cats about?
Who is the author of Poetry for cats?
When was Poetry for cats published?
What is the genre of Poetry for cats?
How many pages does Poetry for cats have?
Can you summarize Poetry for cats?
What is The daughters of Cain about?
Who is the author of The daughters of Cain?
When was The daughters of Cain published?
What is the genre of The daughters of Cain?
How many pages does The daughters of Cain have?
Can you summarize The daughters of Cain?
What is Hangman's Root (China Bayles Mystery) about?
Who is the author of Hangman's Root (China Bayles Mystery)?
When was Hangman's Root (China Bayles Mystery) published?
What is the genre of Hangman's Root (China Bayles Mystery)?
How many pages does Hangman's Root (China Bayles Mystery) have?
Can you summarize Hangman's Root (China Bayles Mystery)?
What is The Catcher Was a Spy about?
Who is the author of The Catcher Was a Spy?
When was The Catcher Was a Spy published?
What is the genre of The Catcher Was a Spy?
How many pages does The Catcher Was a Spy have?
Can you summarize The Catcher Was a Spy?
What is The Body Farm about?
Who is the author of The Body Farm?
When was The Body Farm published?
What is the genre of The Body Farm?
How many pages does The Body Farm have?
Can you summarize The Body Farm?
What is Field of Dishonor (Honor Harrington Series, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of Field of Dishonor (Honor Harrington Series, Book 4)?
When was Field of Dishonor (Honor Harrington Series, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of Field of Dishonor (Honor Harrington Series, Book 4)?
How many pages does Field of Dishonor (Honor Harrington Series, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize Field of Dishonor (Honor Harrington Series, Book 4)?
What is Barrel Fever about?
Who is the author of Barrel Fever?
When was Barrel Fever published?
What is the genre of Barrel Fever?
How many pages does Barrel Fever have?
Can you summarize Barrel Fever?
What is At Home in Mitford (The Mitford Years #1) about?
Who is the author of At Home in Mitford (The Mitford Years #1)?
When was At Home in Mitford (The Mitford Years #1) published?
What is the genre of At Home in Mitford (The Mitford Years #1)?
How many pages does At Home in Mitford (The Mitford Years #1) have?
Can you summarize At Home in Mitford (The Mitford Years #1)?
What is The Complete Maus about?
Who is the author of The Complete Maus?
When was The Complete Maus published?
What is the genre of The Complete Maus?
How many pages does The Complete Maus have?
Can you summarize The Complete Maus?
What is Good Night, Gorilla about?
Who is the author of Good Night, Gorilla?
When was Good Night, Gorilla published?
What is the genre of Good Night, Gorilla?
How many pages does Good Night, Gorilla have?
Can you summarize Good Night, Gorilla?
What is Hidden Riches about?
Who is the author of Hidden Riches?
When was Hidden Riches published?
What is the genre of Hidden Riches?
How many pages does Hidden Riches have?
Can you summarize Hidden Riches?
What is Foreigner about?
Who is the author of Foreigner?
When was Foreigner published?
What is the genre of Foreigner?
How many pages does Foreigner have?
Can you summarize Foreigner?
What is Summer of Love about?
Who is the author of Summer of Love?
When was Summer of Love published?
What is the genre of Summer of Love?
How many pages does Summer of Love have?
Can you summarize Summer of Love?
What is A College of Magics about?
Who is the author of A College of Magics?
When was A College of Magics published?
What is the genre of A College of Magics?
How many pages does A College of Magics have?
Can you summarize A College of Magics?
What is Disney's the lion king about?
Who is the author of Disney's the lion king?
When was Disney's the lion king published?
What is the genre of Disney's the lion king?
How many pages does Disney's the lion king have?
Can you summarize Disney's the lion king?
What is In the Lake of the Woods about?
Who is the author of In the Lake of the Woods?
When was In the Lake of the Woods published?
What is the genre of In the Lake of the Woods?
How many pages does In the Lake of the Woods have?
Can you summarize In the Lake of the Woods?
What is Good Bones and Simple Murders about?
Who is the author of Good Bones and Simple Murders?
When was Good Bones and Simple Murders published?
What is the genre of Good Bones and Simple Murders?
How many pages does Good Bones and Simple Murders have?
Can you summarize Good Bones and Simple Murders?
What is Dream Man about?
Who is the author of Dream Man?
When was Dream Man published?
What is the genre of Dream Man?
How many pages does Dream Man have?
Can you summarize Dream Man?
What is East, West about?
Who is the author of East, West?
When was East, West published?
What is the genre of East, West?
How many pages does East, West have?
Can you summarize East, West?
What is Night Smoke about?
Who is the author of Night Smoke?
When was Night Smoke published?
What is the genre of Night Smoke?
How many pages does Night Smoke have?
Can you summarize Night Smoke?
What is The Year's Best Science Fiction about?
Who is the author of The Year's Best Science Fiction?
When was The Year's Best Science Fiction published?
What is the genre of The Year's Best Science Fiction?
How many pages does The Year's Best Science Fiction have?
Can you summarize The Year's Best Science Fiction?
What is Until You about?
Who is the author of Until You?
When was Until You published?
What is the genre of Until You?
How many pages does Until You have?
Can you summarize Until You?
What is Shooting at Loons (Deborah Knott Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Shooting at Loons (Deborah Knott Mysteries)?
When was Shooting at Loons (Deborah Knott Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Shooting at Loons (Deborah Knott Mysteries)?
How many pages does Shooting at Loons (Deborah Knott Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Shooting at Loons (Deborah Knott Mysteries)?
What is Gun, with occasional music about?
Who is the author of Gun, with occasional music?
When was Gun, with occasional music published?
What is the genre of Gun, with occasional music?
How many pages does Gun, with occasional music have?
Can you summarize Gun, with occasional music?
What is Simisola about?
Who is the author of Simisola?
When was Simisola published?
What is the genre of Simisola?
How many pages does Simisola have?
Can you summarize Simisola?
What is Mortal Causes (An Inspector Rebus Novel) about?
Who is the author of Mortal Causes (An Inspector Rebus Novel)?
When was Mortal Causes (An Inspector Rebus Novel) published?
What is the genre of Mortal Causes (An Inspector Rebus Novel)?
How many pages does Mortal Causes (An Inspector Rebus Novel) have?
Can you summarize Mortal Causes (An Inspector Rebus Novel)?
What is The camp of the saints about?
Who is the author of The camp of the saints?
When was The camp of the saints published?
What is the genre of The camp of the saints?
How many pages does The camp of the saints have?
Can you summarize The camp of the saints?
What is Chaos and order about?
Who is the author of Chaos and order?
When was Chaos and order published?
What is the genre of Chaos and order?
How many pages does Chaos and order have?
Can you summarize Chaos and order?
What is Dirty White Boys about?
Who is the author of Dirty White Boys?
When was Dirty White Boys published?
What is the genre of Dirty White Boys?
How many pages does Dirty White Boys have?
Can you summarize Dirty White Boys?
What is The Memory Police about?
Who is the author of The Memory Police?
When was The Memory Police published?
What is the genre of The Memory Police?
How many pages does The Memory Police have?
Can you summarize The Memory Police?
What is An Edna O'Brien reader about?
Who is the author of An Edna O'Brien reader?
When was An Edna O'Brien reader published?
What is the genre of An Edna O'Brien reader?
How many pages does An Edna O'Brien reader have?
Can you summarize An Edna O'Brien reader?
What is The first man about?
Who is the author of The first man?
When was The first man published?
What is the genre of The first man?
How many pages does The first man have?
Can you summarize The first man?
What is How Late It Was, How Late about?
Who is the author of How Late It Was, How Late?
When was How Late It Was, How Late published?
What is the genre of How Late It Was, How Late?
How many pages does How Late It Was, How Late have?
Can you summarize How Late It Was, How Late?
What is Savage Spirit about?
Who is the author of Savage Spirit?
When was Savage Spirit published?
What is the genre of Savage Spirit?
How many pages does Savage Spirit have?
Can you summarize Savage Spirit?
What is Wild Horses about?
Who is the author of Wild Horses?
When was Wild Horses published?
What is the genre of Wild Horses?
How many pages does Wild Horses have?
Can you summarize Wild Horses?
What is His kisses are dreamy-- but those hairballs down my cleavage--! about?
Who is the author of His kisses are dreamy-- but those hairballs down my cleavage--!?
When was His kisses are dreamy-- but those hairballs down my cleavage--! published?
What is the genre of His kisses are dreamy-- but those hairballs down my cleavage--!?
How many pages does His kisses are dreamy-- but those hairballs down my cleavage--! have?
Can you summarize His kisses are dreamy-- but those hairballs down my cleavage--!?
What is Something in the water about?
Who is the author of Something in the water?
When was Something in the water published?
What is the genre of Something in the water?
How many pages does Something in the water have?
Can you summarize Something in the water?
What is Bad Blood about?
Who is the author of Bad Blood?
When was Bad Blood published?
What is the genre of Bad Blood?
How many pages does Bad Blood have?
Can you summarize Bad Blood?
What is A Son of the Circus about?
Who is the author of A Son of the Circus?
When was A Son of the Circus published?
What is the genre of A Son of the Circus?
How many pages does A Son of the Circus have?
Can you summarize A Son of the Circus?
What is The Bingo Palace (P.S.) about?
Who is the author of The Bingo Palace (P.S.)?
When was The Bingo Palace (P.S.) published?
What is the genre of The Bingo Palace (P.S.)?
How many pages does The Bingo Palace (P.S.) have?
Can you summarize The Bingo Palace (P.S.)?
What is The Sign of the Cross about?
Who is the author of The Sign of the Cross?
When was The Sign of the Cross published?
What is the genre of The Sign of the Cross?
How many pages does The Sign of the Cross have?
Can you summarize The Sign of the Cross?
What is Shadow & Claw about?
Who is the author of Shadow & Claw?
When was Shadow & Claw published?
What is the genre of Shadow & Claw?
How many pages does Shadow & Claw have?
Can you summarize Shadow & Claw?
What is Open secrets about?
Who is the author of Open secrets?
When was Open secrets published?
What is the genre of Open secrets?
How many pages does Open secrets have?
Can you summarize Open secrets?
What is The associate about?
Who is the author of The associate?
When was The associate published?
What is the genre of The associate?
How many pages does The associate have?
Can you summarize The associate?
What is Pirates Past Noon about?
Who is the author of Pirates Past Noon?
When was Pirates Past Noon published?
What is the genre of Pirates Past Noon?
How many pages does Pirates Past Noon have?
Can you summarize Pirates Past Noon?
What is The cat who came to breakfast about?
Who is the author of The cat who came to breakfast?
When was The cat who came to breakfast published?
What is the genre of The cat who came to breakfast?
How many pages does The cat who came to breakfast have?
Can you summarize The cat who came to breakfast?
What is Fat skeletons about?
Who is the author of Fat skeletons?
When was Fat skeletons published?
What is the genre of Fat skeletons?
How many pages does Fat skeletons have?
Can you summarize Fat skeletons?
What is The Golden Compass about?
Who is the author of The Golden Compass?
When was The Golden Compass published?
What is the genre of The Golden Compass?
How many pages does The Golden Compass have?
Can you summarize The Golden Compass?
What is Wicked about?
Who is the author of Wicked?
When was Wicked published?
What is the genre of Wicked?
How many pages does Wicked have?
Can you summarize Wicked?
What is The Reader about?
Who is the author of The Reader?
When was The Reader published?
What is the genre of The Reader?
How many pages does The Reader have?
Can you summarize The Reader?
What is Sabriel (The Abhorsen Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Sabriel (The Abhorsen Trilogy)?
When was Sabriel (The Abhorsen Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Sabriel (The Abhorsen Trilogy)?
How many pages does Sabriel (The Abhorsen Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Sabriel (The Abhorsen Trilogy)?
What is High fidelity about?
Who is the author of High fidelity?
When was High fidelity published?
What is the genre of High fidelity?
How many pages does High fidelity have?
Can you summarize High fidelity?
What is A Fine Balance about?
Who is the author of A Fine Balance?
When was A Fine Balance published?
What is the genre of A Fine Balance?
How many pages does A Fine Balance have?
Can you summarize A Fine Balance?
What is The Horse Whisperer about?
Who is the author of The Horse Whisperer?
When was The Horse Whisperer published?
What is the genre of The Horse Whisperer?
How many pages does The Horse Whisperer have?
Can you summarize The Horse Whisperer?
What is Notes from a Small Island about?
Who is the author of Notes from a Small Island?
When was Notes from a Small Island published?
What is the genre of Notes from a Small Island?
How many pages does Notes from a Small Island have?
Can you summarize Notes from a Small Island?
What is The Lost World about?
Who is the author of The Lost World?
When was The Lost World published?
What is the genre of The Lost World?
How many pages does The Lost World have?
Can you summarize The Lost World?
What is The rainmaker about?
Who is the author of The rainmaker?
When was The rainmaker published?
What is the genre of The rainmaker?
How many pages does The rainmaker have?
Can you summarize The rainmaker?
What is The Kindly Ones about?
Who is the author of The Kindly Ones?
When was The Kindly Ones published?
What is the genre of The Kindly Ones?
How many pages does The Kindly Ones have?
Can you summarize The Kindly Ones?
What is Maskerade about?
Who is the author of Maskerade?
When was Maskerade published?
What is the genre of Maskerade?
How many pages does Maskerade have?
Can you summarize Maskerade?
What is In the Time of the Butterflies about?
Who is the author of In the Time of the Butterflies?
When was In the Time of the Butterflies published?
What is the genre of In the Time of the Butterflies?
How many pages does In the Time of the Butterflies have?
Can you summarize In the Time of the Butterflies?
What is Worlds' End (Sandman, Book 8) about?
Who is the author of Worlds' End (Sandman, Book 8)?
When was Worlds' End (Sandman, Book 8) published?
What is the genre of Worlds' End (Sandman, Book 8)?
How many pages does Worlds' End (Sandman, Book 8) have?
Can you summarize Worlds' End (Sandman, Book 8)?
What is Memnoch the Devil about?
Who is the author of Memnoch the Devil?
When was Memnoch the Devil published?
What is the genre of Memnoch the Devil?
How many pages does Memnoch the Devil have?
Can you summarize Memnoch the Devil?
What is The ghost road about?
Who is the author of The ghost road?
When was The ghost road published?
What is the genre of The ghost road?
How many pages does The ghost road have?
Can you summarize The ghost road?
What is Lies my teacher told me about?
Who is the author of Lies my teacher told me?
When was Lies my teacher told me published?
What is the genre of Lies my teacher told me?
How many pages does Lies my teacher told me have?
Can you summarize Lies my teacher told me?
What is Relic about?
Who is the author of Relic?
When was Relic published?
What is the genre of Relic?
How many pages does Relic have?
Can you summarize Relic?
What is The last coyote about?
Who is the author of The last coyote?
When was The last coyote published?
What is the genre of The last coyote?
How many pages does The last coyote have?
Can you summarize The last coyote?
What is The Diamond Age about?
Who is the author of The Diamond Age?
When was The Diamond Age published?
What is the genre of The Diamond Age?
How many pages does The Diamond Age have?
Can you summarize The Diamond Age?
What is The Prestige about?
Who is the author of The Prestige?
When was The Prestige published?
What is the genre of The Prestige?
How many pages does The Prestige have?
Can you summarize The Prestige?
What is Left behind about?
Who is the author of Left behind?
When was Left behind published?
What is the genre of Left behind?
How many pages does Left behind have?
Can you summarize Left behind?
What is Simple Abundance, a Daybook of Comfort and Joy about?
Who is the author of Simple Abundance, a Daybook of Comfort and Joy?
When was Simple Abundance, a Daybook of Comfort and Joy published?
What is the genre of Simple Abundance, a Daybook of Comfort and Joy?
How many pages does Simple Abundance, a Daybook of Comfort and Joy have?
Can you summarize Simple Abundance, a Daybook of Comfort and Joy?
What is The hundred secret senses about?
Who is the author of The hundred secret senses?
When was The hundred secret senses published?
What is the genre of The hundred secret senses?
How many pages does The hundred secret senses have?
Can you summarize The hundred secret senses?
What is Ladder of years about?
Who is the author of Ladder of years?
When was Ladder of years published?
What is the genre of Ladder of years?
How many pages does Ladder of years have?
Can you summarize Ladder of years?
What is The Demon-Haunted World about?
Who is the author of The Demon-Haunted World?
When was The Demon-Haunted World published?
What is the genre of The Demon-Haunted World?
How many pages does The Demon-Haunted World have?
Can you summarize The Demon-Haunted World?
What is Glory in Death (In Death, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Glory in Death (In Death, Book 2)?
When was Glory in Death (In Death, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Glory in Death (In Death, Book 2)?
How many pages does Glory in Death (In Death, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Glory in Death (In Death, Book 2)?
What is Circus of the Damned (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter) about?
Who is the author of Circus of the Damned (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter)?
When was Circus of the Damned (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter) published?
What is the genre of Circus of the Damned (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter)?
How many pages does Circus of the Damned (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter) have?
Can you summarize Circus of the Damned (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter)?
What is The Watsons go to Birmingham--1963 about?
Who is the author of The Watsons go to Birmingham--1963?
When was The Watsons go to Birmingham--1963 published?
What is the genre of The Watsons go to Birmingham--1963?
How many pages does The Watsons go to Birmingham--1963 have?
Can you summarize The Watsons go to Birmingham--1963?
What is Independence Day about?
Who is the author of Independence Day?
When was Independence Day published?
What is the genre of Independence Day?
How many pages does Independence Day have?
Can you summarize Independence Day?
What is Naked in Death about?
Who is the author of Naked in Death?
When was Naked in Death published?
What is the genre of Naked in Death?
How many pages does Naked in Death have?
Can you summarize Naked in Death?
What is How the Irish Saved Civilization about?
Who is the author of How the Irish Saved Civilization?
When was How the Irish Saved Civilization published?
What is the genre of How the Irish Saved Civilization?
How many pages does How the Irish Saved Civilization have?
Can you summarize How the Irish Saved Civilization?
What is The Making of the Atomic Bomb about?
Who is the author of The Making of the Atomic Bomb?
When was The Making of the Atomic Bomb published?
What is the genre of The Making of the Atomic Bomb?
How many pages does The Making of the Atomic Bomb have?
Can you summarize The Making of the Atomic Bomb?
What is Sleepers about?
Who is the author of Sleepers?
When was Sleepers published?
What is the genre of Sleepers?
How many pages does Sleepers have?
Can you summarize Sleepers?
What is The Rapture of Canaan about?
Who is the author of The Rapture of Canaan?
When was The Rapture of Canaan published?
What is the genre of The Rapture of Canaan?
How many pages does The Rapture of Canaan have?
Can you summarize The Rapture of Canaan?
What is A Long Fatal Love Chase about?
Who is the author of A Long Fatal Love Chase?
When was A Long Fatal Love Chase published?
What is the genre of A Long Fatal Love Chase?
How many pages does A Long Fatal Love Chase have?
Can you summarize A Long Fatal Love Chase?
What is Beach Music about?
Who is the author of Beach Music?
When was Beach Music published?
What is the genre of Beach Music?
How many pages does Beach Music have?
Can you summarize Beach Music?
What is Outcast of Redwall about?
Who is the author of Outcast of Redwall?
When was Outcast of Redwall published?
What is the genre of Outcast of Redwall?
How many pages does Outcast of Redwall have?
Can you summarize Outcast of Redwall?
What is The Lions of al-Rassan about?
Who is the author of The Lions of al-Rassan?
When was The Lions of al-Rassan published?
What is the genre of The Lions of al-Rassan?
How many pages does The Lions of al-Rassan have?
Can you summarize The Lions of al-Rassan?
What is Stone of Tears about?
Who is the author of Stone of Tears?
When was Stone of Tears published?
What is the genre of Stone of Tears?
How many pages does Stone of Tears have?
Can you summarize Stone of Tears?
What is Splendid about?
Who is the author of Splendid?
When was Splendid published?
What is the genre of Splendid?
How many pages does Splendid have?
Can you summarize Splendid?
What is Voodoo river about?
Who is the author of Voodoo river?
When was Voodoo river published?
What is the genre of Voodoo river?
How many pages does Voodoo river have?
Can you summarize Voodoo river?
What is Killer pancake about?
Who is the author of Killer pancake?
When was Killer pancake published?
What is the genre of Killer pancake?
How many pages does Killer pancake have?
Can you summarize Killer pancake?
What is Kissed by an angel about?
Who is the author of Kissed by an angel?
When was Kissed by an angel published?
What is the genre of Kissed by an angel?
How many pages does Kissed by an angel have?
Can you summarize Kissed by an angel?
What is View with a grain of sand about?
Who is the author of View with a grain of sand?
When was View with a grain of sand published?
What is the genre of View with a grain of sand?
How many pages does View with a grain of sand have?
Can you summarize View with a grain of sand?
What is The Midwife's Apprentice (rpkg) (Trophy Newbery) about?
Who is the author of The Midwife's Apprentice (rpkg) (Trophy Newbery)?
When was The Midwife's Apprentice (rpkg) (Trophy Newbery) published?
What is the genre of The Midwife's Apprentice (rpkg) (Trophy Newbery)?
How many pages does The Midwife's Apprentice (rpkg) (Trophy Newbery) have?
Can you summarize The Midwife's Apprentice (rpkg) (Trophy Newbery)?
What is Belgarath the sorcerer about?
Who is the author of Belgarath the sorcerer?
When was Belgarath the sorcerer published?
What is the genre of Belgarath the sorcerer?
How many pages does Belgarath the sorcerer have?
Can you summarize Belgarath the sorcerer?
What is The rings of Saturn about?
Who is the author of The rings of Saturn?
When was The rings of Saturn published?
What is the genre of The rings of Saturn?
How many pages does The rings of Saturn have?
Can you summarize The rings of Saturn?
What is Mystique about?
Who is the author of Mystique?
When was Mystique published?
What is the genre of Mystique?
How many pages does Mystique have?
Can you summarize Mystique?
What is Officer Buckle and Gloria about?
Who is the author of Officer Buckle and Gloria?
When was Officer Buckle and Gloria published?
What is the genre of Officer Buckle and Gloria?
How many pages does Officer Buckle and Gloria have?
Can you summarize Officer Buckle and Gloria?
What is Picture perfect about?
Who is the author of Picture perfect?
When was Picture perfect published?
What is the genre of Picture perfect?
How many pages does Picture perfect have?
Can you summarize Picture perfect?
What is The Poet about?
Who is the author of The Poet?
When was The Poet published?
What is the genre of The Poet?
How many pages does The Poet have?
Can you summarize The Poet?
What is A civil action about?
Who is the author of A civil action?
When was A civil action published?
What is the genre of A civil action?
How many pages does A civil action have?
Can you summarize A civil action?
What is The Cat Who Said Cheese (Cat Who...) about?
Who is the author of The Cat Who Said Cheese (Cat Who...)?
When was The Cat Who Said Cheese (Cat Who...) published?
What is the genre of The Cat Who Said Cheese (Cat Who...)?
How many pages does The Cat Who Said Cheese (Cat Who...) have?
Can you summarize The Cat Who Said Cheese (Cat Who...)?
What is Written in Blood (Chief Inspector Barnaby Series , No4) about?
Who is the author of Written in Blood (Chief Inspector Barnaby Series , No4)?
When was Written in Blood (Chief Inspector Barnaby Series , No4) published?
What is the genre of Written in Blood (Chief Inspector Barnaby Series , No4)?
How many pages does Written in Blood (Chief Inspector Barnaby Series , No4) have?
Can you summarize Written in Blood (Chief Inspector Barnaby Series , No4)?
What is I am Spock about?
Who is the author of I am Spock?
When was I am Spock published?
What is the genre of I am Spock?
How many pages does I am Spock have?
Can you summarize I am Spock?
What is Long Walk to Freedom about?
Who is the author of Long Walk to Freedom?
When was Long Walk to Freedom published?
What is the genre of Long Walk to Freedom?
How many pages does Long Walk to Freedom have?
Can you summarize Long Walk to Freedom?
What is Black lightning about?
Who is the author of Black lightning?
When was Black lightning published?
What is the genre of Black lightning?
How many pages does Black lightning have?
Can you summarize Black lightning?
What is The book of Atrix Wolfe about?
Who is the author of The book of Atrix Wolfe?
When was The book of Atrix Wolfe published?
What is the genre of The book of Atrix Wolfe?
How many pages does The book of Atrix Wolfe have?
Can you summarize The book of Atrix Wolfe?
What is Enigma about?
Who is the author of Enigma?
When was Enigma published?
What is the genre of Enigma?
How many pages does Enigma have?
Can you summarize Enigma?
What is Heaven, Texas about?
Who is the author of Heaven, Texas?
When was Heaven, Texas published?
What is the genre of Heaven, Texas?
How many pages does Heaven, Texas have?
Can you summarize Heaven, Texas?
What is Chicks in chainmail about?
Who is the author of Chicks in chainmail?
When was Chicks in chainmail published?
What is the genre of Chicks in chainmail?
How many pages does Chicks in chainmail have?
Can you summarize Chicks in chainmail?
What is Tribulation force about?
Who is the author of Tribulation force?
When was Tribulation force published?
What is the genre of Tribulation force?
How many pages does Tribulation force have?
Can you summarize Tribulation force?
What is Microserfs about?
Who is the author of Microserfs?
When was Microserfs published?
What is the genre of Microserfs?
How many pages does Microserfs have?
Can you summarize Microserfs?
What is Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger about?
Who is the author of Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger?
When was Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger published?
What is the genre of Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger?
How many pages does Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger have?
Can you summarize Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger?
What is Zombie about?
Who is the author of Zombie?
When was Zombie published?
What is the genre of Zombie?
How many pages does Zombie have?
Can you summarize Zombie?
What is Afternoon on the Amazon about?
Who is the author of Afternoon on the Amazon?
When was Afternoon on the Amazon published?
What is the genre of Afternoon on the Amazon?
How many pages does Afternoon on the Amazon have?
Can you summarize Afternoon on the Amazon?
What is Moo about?
Who is the author of Moo?
When was Moo published?
What is the genre of Moo?
How many pages does Moo have?
Can you summarize Moo?
What is Polgara the Sorceress (Malloreon (Paperback Random House)) about?
Who is the author of Polgara the Sorceress (Malloreon (Paperback Random House))?
When was Polgara the Sorceress (Malloreon (Paperback Random House)) published?
What is the genre of Polgara the Sorceress (Malloreon (Paperback Random House))?
How many pages does Polgara the Sorceress (Malloreon (Paperback Random House)) have?
Can you summarize Polgara the Sorceress (Malloreon (Paperback Random House))?
What is Calvin and Hobbes 10th Anniversary about?
Who is the author of Calvin and Hobbes 10th Anniversary?
When was Calvin and Hobbes 10th Anniversary published?
What is the genre of Calvin and Hobbes 10th Anniversary?
How many pages does Calvin and Hobbes 10th Anniversary have?
Can you summarize Calvin and Hobbes 10th Anniversary?
What is Wonderboys. about?
Who is the author of Wonderboys.?
When was Wonderboys. published?
What is the genre of Wonderboys.?
How many pages does Wonderboys. have?
Can you summarize Wonderboys.?
What is High Tide in Tucson about?
Who is the author of High Tide in Tucson?
When was High Tide in Tucson published?
What is the genre of High Tide in Tucson?
How many pages does High Tide in Tucson have?
Can you summarize High Tide in Tucson?
What is The Moor's Last Sigh about?
Who is the author of The Moor's Last Sigh?
When was The Moor's Last Sigh published?
What is the genre of The Moor's Last Sigh?
How many pages does The Moor's Last Sigh have?
Can you summarize The Moor's Last Sigh?
What is The language of life about?
Who is the author of The language of life?
When was The language of life published?
What is the genre of The language of life?
How many pages does The language of life have?
Can you summarize The language of life?
What is Night of the Ninjas about?
Who is the author of Night of the Ninjas?
When was Night of the Ninjas published?
What is the genre of Night of the Ninjas?
How many pages does Night of the Ninjas have?
Can you summarize Night of the Ninjas?
What is My American journey about?
Who is the author of My American journey?
When was My American journey published?
What is the genre of My American journey?
How many pages does My American journey have?
Can you summarize My American journey?
What is Morality play about?
Who is the author of Morality play?
When was Morality play published?
What is the genre of Morality play?
How many pages does Morality play have?
Can you summarize Morality play?
What is A place called freedom about?
Who is the author of A place called freedom?
When was A place called freedom published?
What is the genre of A place called freedom?
How many pages does A place called freedom have?
Can you summarize A place called freedom?
What is The Wedding about?
Who is the author of The Wedding?
When was The Wedding published?
What is the genre of The Wedding?
How many pages does The Wedding have?
Can you summarize The Wedding?
What is From time to time about?
Who is the author of From time to time?
When was From time to time published?
What is the genre of From time to time?
How many pages does From time to time have?
Can you summarize From time to time?
What is The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Writings about?
Who is the author of The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Writings?
When was The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Writings published?
What is the genre of The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Writings?
How many pages does The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Writings have?
Can you summarize The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Writings?
What is Dead Man's Walk about?
Who is the author of Dead Man's Walk?
When was Dead Man's Walk published?
What is the genre of Dead Man's Walk?
How many pages does Dead Man's Walk have?
Can you summarize Dead Man's Walk?
What is When Christ and his saints slept about?
Who is the author of When Christ and his saints slept?
When was When Christ and his saints slept published?
What is the genre of When Christ and his saints slept?
How many pages does When Christ and his saints slept have?
Can you summarize When Christ and his saints slept?
What is The Far Side Gallery 5 about?
Who is the author of The Far Side Gallery 5?
When was The Far Side Gallery 5 published?
What is the genre of The Far Side Gallery 5?
How many pages does The Far Side Gallery 5 have?
Can you summarize The Far Side Gallery 5?
What is Return Of Rafe Mackade (Heartbreakers) about?
Who is the author of Return Of Rafe Mackade (Heartbreakers)?
When was Return Of Rafe Mackade (Heartbreakers) published?
What is the genre of Return Of Rafe Mackade (Heartbreakers)?
How many pages does Return Of Rafe Mackade (Heartbreakers) have?
Can you summarize Return Of Rafe Mackade (Heartbreakers)?
What is Pride Of Jared Mackade (The Mackade Brothers/) about?
Who is the author of Pride Of Jared Mackade (The Mackade Brothers/)?
When was Pride Of Jared Mackade (The Mackade Brothers/) published?
What is the genre of Pride Of Jared Mackade (The Mackade Brothers/)?
How many pages does Pride Of Jared Mackade (The Mackade Brothers/) have?
Can you summarize Pride Of Jared Mackade (The Mackade Brothers/)?
What is Ill Wind about?
Who is the author of Ill Wind?
When was Ill Wind published?
What is the genre of Ill Wind?
How many pages does Ill Wind have?
Can you summarize Ill Wind?
What is Agatha Raisin and the walkers of Dembley about?
Who is the author of Agatha Raisin and the walkers of Dembley?
When was Agatha Raisin and the walkers of Dembley published?
What is the genre of Agatha Raisin and the walkers of Dembley?
How many pages does Agatha Raisin and the walkers of Dembley have?
Can you summarize Agatha Raisin and the walkers of Dembley?
What is A Game of Thrones about?
Who is the author of A Game of Thrones?
When was A Game of Thrones published?
What is the genre of A Game of Thrones?
How many pages does A Game of Thrones have?
Can you summarize A Game of Thrones?
What is Angela's Ashes about?
Who is the author of Angela's Ashes?
When was Angela's Ashes published?
What is the genre of Angela's Ashes?
How many pages does Angela's Ashes have?
Can you summarize Angela's Ashes?
What is Neverwhere about?
Who is the author of Neverwhere?
When was Neverwhere published?
What is the genre of Neverwhere?
How many pages does Neverwhere have?
Can you summarize Neverwhere?
What is The Green Mile about?
Who is the author of The Green Mile?
When was The Green Mile published?
What is the genre of The Green Mile?
How many pages does The Green Mile have?
Can you summarize The Green Mile?
What is Fight Club about?
Who is the author of Fight Club?
When was Fight Club published?
What is the genre of Fight Club?
How many pages does Fight Club have?
Can you summarize Fight Club?
What is Bridget Jones's Diary about?
Who is the author of Bridget Jones's Diary?
When was Bridget Jones's Diary published?
What is the genre of Bridget Jones's Diary?
How many pages does Bridget Jones's Diary have?
Can you summarize Bridget Jones's Diary?
What is alias Grace. about?
Who is the author of alias Grace.?
When was alias Grace. published?
What is the genre of alias Grace.?
How many pages does alias Grace. have?
Can you summarize alias Grace.?
What is Into the wild about?
Who is the author of Into the wild?
When was Into the wild published?
What is the genre of Into the wild?
How many pages does Into the wild have?
Can you summarize Into the wild?
What is Infinite jest about?
Who is the author of Infinite jest?
When was Infinite jest published?
What is the genre of Infinite jest?
How many pages does Infinite jest have?
Can you summarize Infinite jest?
What is Drums of Autumn about?
Who is the author of Drums of Autumn?
When was Drums of Autumn published?
What is the genre of Drums of Autumn?
How many pages does Drums of Autumn have?
Can you summarize Drums of Autumn?
What is We Were the Mulvaneys about?
Who is the author of We Were the Mulvaneys?
When was We Were the Mulvaneys published?
What is the genre of We Were the Mulvaneys?
How many pages does We Were the Mulvaneys have?
Can you summarize We Were the Mulvaneys?
What is It's A Magical World about?
Who is the author of It's A Magical World?
When was It's A Magical World published?
What is the genre of It's A Magical World?
How many pages does It's A Magical World have?
Can you summarize It's A Magical World?
What is Feet of Clay (Discworld) about?
Who is the author of Feet of Clay (Discworld)?
When was Feet of Clay (Discworld) published?
What is the genre of Feet of Clay (Discworld)?
How many pages does Feet of Clay (Discworld) have?
Can you summarize Feet of Clay (Discworld)?
What is Royal Assassin (The Farseer Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Royal Assassin (The Farseer Trilogy)?
When was Royal Assassin (The Farseer Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Royal Assassin (The Farseer Trilogy)?
How many pages does Royal Assassin (The Farseer Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Royal Assassin (The Farseer Trilogy)?
What is Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood about?
Who is the author of Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood?
When was Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood published?
What is the genre of Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood?
How many pages does Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood have?
Can you summarize Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood?
What is The Thief about?
Who is the author of The Thief?
When was The Thief published?
What is the genre of The Thief?
How many pages does The Thief have?
Can you summarize The Thief?
What is The Sparrow about?
Who is the author of The Sparrow?
When was The Sparrow published?
What is the genre of The Sparrow?
How many pages does The Sparrow have?
Can you summarize The Sparrow?
What is Desperation about?
Who is the author of Desperation?
When was Desperation published?
What is the genre of Desperation?
How many pages does Desperation have?
Can you summarize Desperation?
What is A Crown of Swords about?
Who is the author of A Crown of Swords?
When was A Crown of Swords published?
What is the genre of A Crown of Swords?
How many pages does A Crown of Swords have?
Can you summarize A Crown of Swords?
What is Absolute Power about?
Who is the author of Absolute Power?
When was Absolute Power published?
What is the genre of Absolute Power?
How many pages does Absolute Power have?
Can you summarize Absolute Power?
What is There's treasure everywhere about?
Who is the author of There's treasure everywhere?
When was There's treasure everywhere published?
What is the genre of There's treasure everywhere?
How many pages does There's treasure everywhere have?
Can you summarize There's treasure everywhere?
What is Memory about?
Who is the author of Memory?
When was Memory published?
What is the genre of Memory?
How many pages does Memory have?
Can you summarize Memory?
What is The Beach about?
Who is the author of The Beach?
When was The Beach published?
What is the genre of The Beach?
How many pages does The Beach have?
Can you summarize The Beach?
What is Undaunted Courage about?
Who is the author of Undaunted Courage?
When was Undaunted Courage published?
What is the genre of Undaunted Courage?
How many pages does Undaunted Courage have?
Can you summarize Undaunted Courage?
What is The Runaway Jury about?
Who is the author of The Runaway Jury?
When was The Runaway Jury published?
What is the genre of The Runaway Jury?
How many pages does The Runaway Jury have?
Can you summarize The Runaway Jury?
What is The Wake (Sandman, Book 10) about?
Who is the author of The Wake (Sandman, Book 10)?
When was The Wake (Sandman, Book 10) published?
What is the genre of The Wake (Sandman, Book 10)?
How many pages does The Wake (Sandman, Book 10) have?
Can you summarize The Wake (Sandman, Book 10)?
What is A history of reading about?
Who is the author of A history of reading?
When was A history of reading published?
What is the genre of A history of reading?
How many pages does A history of reading have?
Can you summarize A history of reading?
What is Falling Up about?
Who is the author of Falling Up?
When was Falling Up published?
What is the genre of Falling Up?
How many pages does Falling Up have?
Can you summarize Falling Up?
What is Primary Colors about?
Who is the author of Primary Colors?
When was Primary Colors published?
What is the genre of Primary Colors?
How many pages does Primary Colors have?
Can you summarize Primary Colors?
What is Bellwether about?
Who is the author of Bellwether?
When was Bellwether published?
What is the genre of Bellwether?
How many pages does Bellwether have?
Can you summarize Bellwether?
What is Fall on Your Knees (Oprah's Book Club) about?
Who is the author of Fall on Your Knees (Oprah's Book Club)?
When was Fall on Your Knees (Oprah's Book Club) published?
What is the genre of Fall on Your Knees (Oprah's Book Club)?
How many pages does Fall on Your Knees (Oprah's Book Club) have?
Can you summarize Fall on Your Knees (Oprah's Book Club)?
What is The tailor of Panama about?
Who is the author of The tailor of Panama?
When was The tailor of Panama published?
What is the genre of The tailor of Panama?
How many pages does The tailor of Panama have?
Can you summarize The tailor of Panama?
What is The children of Henry VIII about?
Who is the author of The children of Henry VIII?
When was The children of Henry VIII published?
What is the genre of The children of Henry VIII?
How many pages does The children of Henry VIII have?
Can you summarize The children of Henry VIII?
What is Firestorm (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Firestorm (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
When was Firestorm (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Firestorm (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
How many pages does Firestorm (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Firestorm (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
What is The First King of Shannara (Prequel to the Shannara Series) about?
Who is the author of The First King of Shannara (Prequel to the Shannara Series)?
When was The First King of Shannara (Prequel to the Shannara Series) published?
What is the genre of The First King of Shannara (Prequel to the Shannara Series)?
How many pages does The First King of Shannara (Prequel to the Shannara Series) have?
Can you summarize The First King of Shannara (Prequel to the Shannara Series)?
What is Luck in the Shadows (Nightrunner, Vol. 1) about?
Who is the author of Luck in the Shadows (Nightrunner, Vol. 1)?
When was Luck in the Shadows (Nightrunner, Vol. 1) published?
What is the genre of Luck in the Shadows (Nightrunner, Vol. 1)?
How many pages does Luck in the Shadows (Nightrunner, Vol. 1) have?
Can you summarize Luck in the Shadows (Nightrunner, Vol. 1)?
What is A Girl Named Disaster (Orchard Classics) about?
Who is the author of A Girl Named Disaster (Orchard Classics)?
When was A Girl Named Disaster (Orchard Classics) published?
What is the genre of A Girl Named Disaster (Orchard Classics)?
How many pages does A Girl Named Disaster (Orchard Classics) have?
Can you summarize A Girl Named Disaster (Orchard Classics)?
What is Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger about?
Who is the author of Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger?
When was Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger published?
What is the genre of Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger?
How many pages does Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger have?
Can you summarize Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger?
What is Blood of the Fold (Sword of Truth, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Blood of the Fold (Sword of Truth, Book 3)?
When was Blood of the Fold (Sword of Truth, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Blood of the Fold (Sword of Truth, Book 3)?
How many pages does Blood of the Fold (Sword of Truth, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Blood of the Fold (Sword of Truth, Book 3)?
What is Airframe about?
Who is the author of Airframe?
When was Airframe published?
What is the genre of Airframe?
How many pages does Airframe have?
Can you summarize Airframe?
What is Pastwatch about?
Who is the author of Pastwatch?
When was Pastwatch published?
What is the genre of Pastwatch?
How many pages does Pastwatch have?
Can you summarize Pastwatch?
What is Indian Killer about?
Who is the author of Indian Killer?
When was Indian Killer published?
What is the genre of Indian Killer?
How many pages does Indian Killer have?
Can you summarize Indian Killer?
What is The Gunpowder Plot about?
Who is the author of The Gunpowder Plot?
When was The Gunpowder Plot published?
What is the genre of The Gunpowder Plot?
How many pages does The Gunpowder Plot have?
Can you summarize The Gunpowder Plot?
What is The Lunatic Cafe about?
Who is the author of The Lunatic Cafe?
When was The Lunatic Cafe published?
What is the genre of The Lunatic Cafe?
How many pages does The Lunatic Cafe have?
Can you summarize The Lunatic Cafe?
What is In the presence of the enemy about?
Who is the author of In the presence of the enemy?
When was In the presence of the enemy published?
What is the genre of In the presence of the enemy?
How many pages does In the presence of the enemy have?
Can you summarize In the presence of the enemy?
What is Sex and the city about?
Who is the author of Sex and the city?
When was Sex and the city published?
What is the genre of Sex and the city?
How many pages does Sex and the city have?
Can you summarize Sex and the city?
What is Star Wars: Tales of the Bounty Hunters about?
Who is the author of Star Wars: Tales of the Bounty Hunters?
When was Star Wars: Tales of the Bounty Hunters published?
What is the genre of Star Wars: Tales of the Bounty Hunters?
How many pages does Star Wars: Tales of the Bounty Hunters have?
Can you summarize Star Wars: Tales of the Bounty Hunters?
What is Excession about?
Who is the author of Excession?
When was Excession published?
What is the genre of Excession?
How many pages does Excession have?
Can you summarize Excession?
What is Two for the Dough about?
Who is the author of Two for the Dough?
When was Two for the Dough published?
What is the genre of Two for the Dough?
How many pages does Two for the Dough have?
Can you summarize Two for the Dough?
What is Hitler's Willing Executioners about?
Who is the author of Hitler's Willing Executioners?
When was Hitler's Willing Executioners published?
What is the genre of Hitler's Willing Executioners?
How many pages does Hitler's Willing Executioners have?
Can you summarize Hitler's Willing Executioners?
What is The Reality Dysfunction about?
Who is the author of The Reality Dysfunction?
When was The Reality Dysfunction published?
What is the genre of The Reality Dysfunction?
How many pages does The Reality Dysfunction have?
Can you summarize The Reality Dysfunction?
What is Winter rose. about?
Who is the author of Winter rose.?
When was Winter rose. published?
What is the genre of Winter rose.?
How many pages does Winter rose. have?
Can you summarize Winter rose.?
What is Contest about?
Who is the author of Contest?
When was Contest published?
What is the genre of Contest?
How many pages does Contest have?
Can you summarize Contest?
What is The Vagina Monologues about?
Who is the author of The Vagina Monologues?
When was The Vagina Monologues published?
What is the genre of The Vagina Monologues?
How many pages does The Vagina Monologues have?
Can you summarize The Vagina Monologues?
What is Children of the Mind (Ender, Book 4) (Ender Quartet) about?
Who is the author of Children of the Mind (Ender, Book 4) (Ender Quartet)?
When was Children of the Mind (Ender, Book 4) (Ender Quartet) published?
What is the genre of Children of the Mind (Ender, Book 4) (Ender Quartet)?
How many pages does Children of the Mind (Ender, Book 4) (Ender Quartet) have?
Can you summarize Children of the Mind (Ender, Book 4) (Ender Quartet)?
What is The Cove (FBI Thriller (G.P. Putnam's Sons)) about?
Who is the author of The Cove (FBI Thriller (G.P. Putnam's Sons))?
When was The Cove (FBI Thriller (G.P. Putnam's Sons)) published?
What is the genre of The Cove (FBI Thriller (G.P. Putnam's Sons))?
How many pages does The Cove (FBI Thriller (G.P. Putnam's Sons)) have?
Can you summarize The Cove (FBI Thriller (G.P. Putnam's Sons))?
What is Hogfather about?
Who is the author of Hogfather?
When was Hogfather published?
What is the genre of Hogfather?
How many pages does Hogfather have?
Can you summarize Hogfather?
What is A people's tragedy about?
Who is the author of A people's tragedy?
When was A people's tragedy published?
What is the genre of A people's tragedy?
How many pages does A people's tragedy have?
Can you summarize A people's tragedy?
What is Gods and Generals about?
Who is the author of Gods and Generals?
When was Gods and Generals published?
What is the genre of Gods and Generals?
How many pages does Gods and Generals have?
Can you summarize Gods and Generals?
What is Sunset Express about?
Who is the author of Sunset Express?
When was Sunset Express published?
What is the genre of Sunset Express?
How many pages does Sunset Express have?
Can you summarize Sunset Express?
What is Up jumps the Devil about?
Who is the author of Up jumps the Devil?
When was Up jumps the Devil published?
What is the genre of Up jumps the Devil?
How many pages does Up jumps the Devil have?
Can you summarize Up jumps the Devil?
What is Holding the Dream about?
Who is the author of Holding the Dream?
When was Holding the Dream published?
What is the genre of Holding the Dream?
How many pages does Holding the Dream have?
Can you summarize Holding the Dream?
What is A plague on both your houses about?
Who is the author of A plague on both your houses?
When was A plague on both your houses published?
What is the genre of A plague on both your houses?
How many pages does A plague on both your houses have?
Can you summarize A plague on both your houses?
What is Captain Alatriste about?
Who is the author of Captain Alatriste?
When was Captain Alatriste published?
What is the genre of Captain Alatriste?
How many pages does Captain Alatriste have?
Can you summarize Captain Alatriste?
What is Darkness, Take My Hand about?
Who is the author of Darkness, Take My Hand?
When was Darkness, Take My Hand published?
What is the genre of Darkness, Take My Hand?
How many pages does Darkness, Take My Hand have?
Can you summarize Darkness, Take My Hand?
What is Servant of the Bones about?
Who is the author of Servant of the Bones?
When was Servant of the Bones published?
What is the genre of Servant of the Bones?
How many pages does Servant of the Bones have?
Can you summarize Servant of the Bones?
What is Chance (Spenser) about?
Who is the author of Chance (Spenser)?
When was Chance (Spenser) published?
What is the genre of Chance (Spenser)?
How many pages does Chance (Spenser) have?
Can you summarize Chance (Spenser)?
What is This day all gods die about?
Who is the author of This day all gods die?
When was This day all gods die published?
What is the genre of This day all gods die?
How many pages does This day all gods die have?
Can you summarize This day all gods die?
What is Last Orders about?
Who is the author of Last Orders?
When was Last Orders published?
What is the genre of Last Orders?
How many pages does Last Orders have?
Can you summarize Last Orders?
What is Death about?
Who is the author of Death?
When was Death published?
What is the genre of Death?
How many pages does Death have?
Can you summarize Death?
What is Archangel (Samaria, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Archangel (Samaria, Book 1)?
When was Archangel (Samaria, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Archangel (Samaria, Book 1)?
How many pages does Archangel (Samaria, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Archangel (Samaria, Book 1)?
What is The Regulators about?
Who is the author of The Regulators?
When was The Regulators published?
What is the genre of The Regulators?
How many pages does The Regulators have?
Can you summarize The Regulators?
What is Ship fever about?
Who is the author of Ship fever?
When was Ship fever published?
What is the genre of Ship fever?
How many pages does Ship fever have?
Can you summarize Ship fever?
What is The strange files of Fremont Jones about?
Who is the author of The strange files of Fremont Jones?
When was The strange files of Fremont Jones published?
What is the genre of The strange files of Fremont Jones?
How many pages does The strange files of Fremont Jones have?
Can you summarize The strange files of Fremont Jones?
What is Daring to Dream (Dream Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Daring to Dream (Dream Trilogy)?
When was Daring to Dream (Dream Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Daring to Dream (Dream Trilogy)?
How many pages does Daring to Dream (Dream Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Daring to Dream (Dream Trilogy)?
What is Holy fire about?
Who is the author of Holy fire?
When was Holy fire published?
What is the genre of Holy fire?
How many pages does Holy fire have?
Can you summarize Holy fire?
What is Popcorn about?
Who is the author of Popcorn?
When was Popcorn published?
What is the genre of Popcorn?
How many pages does Popcorn have?
Can you summarize Popcorn?
What is Mischief about?
Who is the author of Mischief?
When was Mischief published?
What is the genre of Mischief?
How many pages does Mischief have?
Can you summarize Mischief?
What is Pearls of Lutra about?
Who is the author of Pearls of Lutra?
When was Pearls of Lutra published?
What is the genre of Pearls of Lutra?
How many pages does Pearls of Lutra have?
Can you summarize Pearls of Lutra?
What is Remnant Population about?
Who is the author of Remnant Population?
When was Remnant Population published?
What is the genre of Remnant Population?
How many pages does Remnant Population have?
Can you summarize Remnant Population?
What is Immortal in Death about?
Who is the author of Immortal in Death?
When was Immortal in Death published?
What is the genre of Immortal in Death?
How many pages does Immortal in Death have?
Can you summarize Immortal in Death?
What is Primeval And Others Times about?
Who is the author of Primeval And Others Times?
When was Primeval And Others Times published?
What is the genre of Primeval And Others Times?
How many pages does Primeval And Others Times have?
Can you summarize Primeval And Others Times?
What is The fourth estate about?
Who is the author of The fourth estate?
When was The fourth estate published?
What is the genre of The fourth estate?
How many pages does The fourth estate have?
Can you summarize The fourth estate?
What is Paths to otherwhere about?
Who is the author of Paths to otherwhere?
When was Paths to otherwhere published?
What is the genre of Paths to otherwhere?
How many pages does Paths to otherwhere have?
Can you summarize Paths to otherwhere?
What is Nora Roberts Born Trilogy about?
Who is the author of Nora Roberts Born Trilogy?
When was Nora Roberts Born Trilogy published?
What is the genre of Nora Roberts Born Trilogy?
How many pages does Nora Roberts Born Trilogy have?
Can you summarize Nora Roberts Born Trilogy?
What is The summer of black widows about?
Who is the author of The summer of black widows?
When was The summer of black widows published?
What is the genre of The summer of black widows?
How many pages does The summer of black widows have?
Can you summarize The summer of black widows?
What is Mount Dragon about?
Who is the author of Mount Dragon?
When was Mount Dragon published?
What is the genre of Mount Dragon?
How many pages does Mount Dragon have?
Can you summarize Mount Dragon?
What is Exile’s Song about?
Who is the author of Exile’s Song?
When was Exile’s Song published?
What is the genre of Exile’s Song?
How many pages does Exile’s Song have?
Can you summarize Exile’s Song?
What is Diary of a Worm about?
Who is the author of Diary of a Worm?
When was Diary of a Worm published?
What is the genre of Diary of a Worm?
How many pages does Diary of a Worm have?
Can you summarize Diary of a Worm?
What is Keys to the Street about?
Who is the author of Keys to the Street?
When was Keys to the Street published?
What is the genre of Keys to the Street?
How many pages does Keys to the Street have?
Can you summarize Keys to the Street?
What is Dead over heels about?
Who is the author of Dead over heels?
When was Dead over heels published?
What is the genre of Dead over heels?
How many pages does Dead over heels have?
Can you summarize Dead over heels?
What is Miss Bindergarten Gets Ready for Kindergarten (Miss Bindergarten Books) about?
Who is the author of Miss Bindergarten Gets Ready for Kindergarten (Miss Bindergarten Books)?
When was Miss Bindergarten Gets Ready for Kindergarten (Miss Bindergarten Books) published?
What is the genre of Miss Bindergarten Gets Ready for Kindergarten (Miss Bindergarten Books)?
How many pages does Miss Bindergarten Gets Ready for Kindergarten (Miss Bindergarten Books) have?
Can you summarize Miss Bindergarten Gets Ready for Kindergarten (Miss Bindergarten Books)?
What is The Queen's Man about?
Who is the author of The Queen's Man?
When was The Queen's Man published?
What is the genre of The Queen's Man?
How many pages does The Queen's Man have?
Can you summarize The Queen's Man?
What is Cause of Death about?
Who is the author of Cause of Death?
When was Cause of Death published?
What is the genre of Cause of Death?
How many pages does Cause of Death have?
Can you summarize Cause of Death?
What is The Subtle Knife about?
Who is the author of The Subtle Knife?
When was The Subtle Knife published?
What is the genre of The Subtle Knife?
How many pages does The Subtle Knife have?
Can you summarize The Subtle Knife?
What is Ella enchanted about?
Who is the author of Ella enchanted?
When was Ella enchanted published?
What is the genre of Ella enchanted?
How many pages does Ella enchanted have?
Can you summarize Ella enchanted?
What is Neverwhere about?
Who is the author of Neverwhere?
When was Neverwhere published?
What is the genre of Neverwhere?
How many pages does Neverwhere have?
Can you summarize Neverwhere?
What is Memoirs of a Geisha about?
Who is the author of Memoirs of a Geisha?
When was Memoirs of a Geisha published?
What is the genre of Memoirs of a Geisha?
How many pages does Memoirs of a Geisha have?
Can you summarize Memoirs of a Geisha?
What is A Walk in the Woods about?
Who is the author of A Walk in the Woods?
When was A Walk in the Woods published?
What is the genre of A Walk in the Woods?
How many pages does A Walk in the Woods have?
Can you summarize A Walk in the Woods?
What is Guns, Germs, and Steel about?
Who is the author of Guns, Germs, and Steel?
When was Guns, Germs, and Steel published?
What is the genre of Guns, Germs, and Steel?
How many pages does Guns, Germs, and Steel have?
Can you summarize Guns, Germs, and Steel?
What is The God of Small Things about?
Who is the author of The God of Small Things?
When was The God of Small Things published?
What is the genre of The God of Small Things?
How many pages does The God of Small Things have?
Can you summarize The God of Small Things?
What is Wizard and glass about?
Who is the author of Wizard and glass?
When was Wizard and glass published?
What is the genre of Wizard and glass?
How many pages does Wizard and glass have?
Can you summarize Wizard and glass?
What is Cold Mountain about?
Who is the author of Cold Mountain?
When was Cold Mountain published?
What is the genre of Cold Mountain?
How many pages does Cold Mountain have?
Can you summarize Cold Mountain?
What is The perfect storm about?
Who is the author of The perfect storm?
When was The perfect storm published?
What is the genre of The perfect storm?
How many pages does The perfect storm have?
Can you summarize The perfect storm?
What is The red tent / Anita Diamant. about?
Who is the author of The red tent / Anita Diamant.?
When was The red tent / Anita Diamant. published?
What is the genre of The red tent / Anita Diamant.?
How many pages does The red tent / Anita Diamant. have?
Can you summarize The red tent / Anita Diamant.?
What is To Say Nothing of the Dog about?
Who is the author of To Say Nothing of the Dog?
When was To Say Nothing of the Dog published?
What is the genre of To Say Nothing of the Dog?
How many pages does To Say Nothing of the Dog have?
Can you summarize To Say Nothing of the Dog?
What is Out Of The Dust about?
Who is the author of Out Of The Dust?
When was Out Of The Dust published?
What is the genre of Out Of The Dust?
How many pages does Out Of The Dust have?
Can you summarize Out Of The Dust?
What is Brokeback Mountain about?
Who is the author of Brokeback Mountain?
When was Brokeback Mountain published?
What is the genre of Brokeback Mountain?
How many pages does Brokeback Mountain have?
Can you summarize Brokeback Mountain?
What is A Fúria do Assassino about?
Who is the author of A Fúria do Assassino?
When was A Fúria do Assassino published?
What is the genre of A Fúria do Assassino?
How many pages does A Fúria do Assassino have?
Can you summarize A Fúria do Assassino?
What is London about?
Who is the author of London?
When was London published?
What is the genre of London?
How many pages does London have?
Can you summarize London?
What is Blood and chocolate about?
Who is the author of Blood and chocolate?
When was Blood and chocolate published?
What is the genre of Blood and chocolate?
How many pages does Blood and chocolate have?
Can you summarize Blood and chocolate?
What is Death about?
Who is the author of Death?
When was Death published?
What is the genre of Death?
How many pages does Death have?
Can you summarize Death?
What is Mason & Dixon about?
Who is the author of Mason & Dixon?
When was Mason & Dixon published?
What is the genre of Mason & Dixon?
How many pages does Mason & Dixon have?
Can you summarize Mason & Dixon?
What is Batman, the Dark Knight returns about?
Who is the author of Batman, the Dark Knight returns?
When was Batman, the Dark Knight returns published?
What is the genre of Batman, the Dark Knight returns?
How many pages does Batman, the Dark Knight returns have?
Can you summarize Batman, the Dark Knight returns?
What is Trunk Music (Harry Bosch Novels) about?
Who is the author of Trunk Music (Harry Bosch Novels)?
When was Trunk Music (Harry Bosch Novels) published?
What is the genre of Trunk Music (Harry Bosch Novels)?
How many pages does Trunk Music (Harry Bosch Novels) have?
Can you summarize Trunk Music (Harry Bosch Novels)?
What is Underworld about?
Who is the author of Underworld?
When was Underworld published?
What is the genre of Underworld?
How many pages does Underworld have?
Can you summarize Underworld?
What is An Instance of the Fingerpost about?
Who is the author of An Instance of the Fingerpost?
When was An Instance of the Fingerpost published?
What is the genre of An Instance of the Fingerpost?
How many pages does An Instance of the Fingerpost have?
Can you summarize An Instance of the Fingerpost?
What is The Partner about?
Who is the author of The Partner?
When was The Partner published?
What is the genre of The Partner?
How many pages does The Partner have?
Can you summarize The Partner?
What is The Rape of Nanking about?
Who is the author of The Rape of Nanking?
When was The Rape of Nanking published?
What is the genre of The Rape of Nanking?
How many pages does The Rape of Nanking have?
Can you summarize The Rape of Nanking?
What is Killing Floor about?
Who is the author of Killing Floor?
When was Killing Floor published?
What is the genre of Killing Floor?
How many pages does Killing Floor have?
Can you summarize Killing Floor?
What is Quarantine about?
Who is the author of Quarantine?
When was Quarantine published?
What is the genre of Quarantine?
How many pages does Quarantine have?
Can you summarize Quarantine?
What is Tangerine (Apple Signature Edition) about?
Who is the author of Tangerine (Apple Signature Edition)?
When was Tangerine (Apple Signature Edition) published?
What is the genre of Tangerine (Apple Signature Edition)?
How many pages does Tangerine (Apple Signature Edition) have?
Can you summarize Tangerine (Apple Signature Edition)?
What is Enduring Love about?
Who is the author of Enduring Love?
When was Enduring Love published?
What is the genre of Enduring Love?
How many pages does Enduring Love have?
Can you summarize Enduring Love?
What is In the Garden of Iden (The Company) about?
Who is the author of In the Garden of Iden (The Company)?
When was In the Garden of Iden (The Company) published?
What is the genre of In the Garden of Iden (The Company)?
How many pages does In the Garden of Iden (The Company) have?
Can you summarize In the Garden of Iden (The Company)?
What is Falling Leaves about?
Who is the author of Falling Leaves?
When was Falling Leaves published?
What is the genre of Falling Leaves?
How many pages does Falling Leaves have?
Can you summarize Falling Leaves?
What is Dragon rider about?
Who is the author of Dragon rider?
When was Dragon rider published?
What is the genre of Dragon rider?
How many pages does Dragon rider have?
Can you summarize Dragon rider?
What is Rose daughter about?
Who is the author of Rose daughter?
When was Rose daughter published?
What is the genre of Rose daughter?
How many pages does Rose daughter have?
Can you summarize Rose daughter?
What is Lives of the monster dogs about?
Who is the author of Lives of the monster dogs?
When was Lives of the monster dogs published?
What is the genre of Lives of the monster dogs?
How many pages does Lives of the monster dogs have?
Can you summarize Lives of the monster dogs?
What is Chasing Redbird about?
Who is the author of Chasing Redbird?
When was Chasing Redbird published?
What is the genre of Chasing Redbird?
How many pages does Chasing Redbird have?
Can you summarize Chasing Redbird?
What is Larry's Party about?
Who is the author of Larry's Party?
When was Larry's Party published?
What is the genre of Larry's Party?
How many pages does Larry's Party have?
Can you summarize Larry's Party?
What is Sanctuary about?
Who is the author of Sanctuary?
When was Sanctuary published?
What is the genre of Sanctuary?
How many pages does Sanctuary have?
Can you summarize Sanctuary?
What is Unnatural Exposure (Dr Kay Scarpetta) about?
Who is the author of Unnatural Exposure (Dr Kay Scarpetta)?
When was Unnatural Exposure (Dr Kay Scarpetta) published?
What is the genre of Unnatural Exposure (Dr Kay Scarpetta)?
How many pages does Unnatural Exposure (Dr Kay Scarpetta) have?
Can you summarize Unnatural Exposure (Dr Kay Scarpetta)?
What is Personal history about?
Who is the author of Personal history?
When was Personal history published?
What is the genre of Personal history?
How many pages does Personal history have?
Can you summarize Personal history?
What is Violin about?
Who is the author of Violin?
When was Violin published?
What is the genre of Violin?
How many pages does Violin have?
Can you summarize Violin?
What is Sharpe's Tiger about?
Who is the author of Sharpe's Tiger?
When was Sharpe's Tiger published?
What is the genre of Sharpe's Tiger?
How many pages does Sharpe's Tiger have?
Can you summarize Sharpe's Tiger?
What is American Sphinx about?
Who is the author of American Sphinx?
When was American Sphinx published?
What is the genre of American Sphinx?
How many pages does American Sphinx have?
Can you summarize American Sphinx?
What is Finding the Dream (Dream Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Finding the Dream (Dream Trilogy)?
When was Finding the Dream (Dream Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Finding the Dream (Dream Trilogy)?
How many pages does Finding the Dream (Dream Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Finding the Dream (Dream Trilogy)?
What is Voices from Chernobyl about?
Who is the author of Voices from Chernobyl?
When was Voices from Chernobyl published?
What is the genre of Voices from Chernobyl?
How many pages does Voices from Chernobyl have?
Can you summarize Voices from Chernobyl?
What is Out about?
Who is the author of Out?
When was Out published?
What is the genre of Out?
How many pages does Out have?
Can you summarize Out?
What is A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again about?
Who is the author of A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again?
When was A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again published?
What is the genre of A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again?
How many pages does A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again have?
Can you summarize A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again?
What is King's Dragon (Crown of Stars, Vol. 1) about?
Who is the author of King's Dragon (Crown of Stars, Vol. 1)?
When was King's Dragon (Crown of Stars, Vol. 1) published?
What is the genre of King's Dragon (Crown of Stars, Vol. 1)?
How many pages does King's Dragon (Crown of Stars, Vol. 1) have?
Can you summarize King's Dragon (Crown of Stars, Vol. 1)?
What is Chicken soup for the teenage soul about?
Who is the author of Chicken soup for the teenage soul?
When was Chicken soup for the teenage soul published?
What is the genre of Chicken soup for the teenage soul?
How many pages does Chicken soup for the teenage soul have?
Can you summarize Chicken soup for the teenage soul?
What is In the Miso Soup about?
Who is the author of In the Miso Soup?
When was In the Miso Soup published?
What is the genre of In the Miso Soup?
How many pages does In the Miso Soup have?
Can you summarize In the Miso Soup?
What is The MacGregor Brides (Macgregors) about?
Who is the author of The MacGregor Brides (Macgregors)?
When was The MacGregor Brides (Macgregors) published?
What is the genre of The MacGregor Brides (Macgregors)?
How many pages does The MacGregor Brides (Macgregors) have?
Can you summarize The MacGregor Brides (Macgregors)?
What is While the Light Lasts about?
Who is the author of While the Light Lasts?
When was While the Light Lasts published?
What is the genre of While the Light Lasts?
How many pages does While the Light Lasts have?
Can you summarize While the Light Lasts?
What is The appointment about?
Who is the author of The appointment?
When was The appointment published?
What is the genre of The appointment?
How many pages does The appointment have?
Can you summarize The appointment?
What is Indigo Slam about?
Who is the author of Indigo Slam?
When was Indigo Slam published?
What is the genre of Indigo Slam?
How many pages does Indigo Slam have?
Can you summarize Indigo Slam?
What is Deception on his mind about?
Who is the author of Deception on his mind?
When was Deception on his mind published?
What is the genre of Deception on his mind?
How many pages does Deception on his mind have?
Can you summarize Deception on his mind?
What is A Free Man of Color (Benjamin January, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of A Free Man of Color (Benjamin January, Book 1)?
When was A Free Man of Color (Benjamin January, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of A Free Man of Color (Benjamin January, Book 1)?
How many pages does A Free Man of Color (Benjamin January, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize A Free Man of Color (Benjamin January, Book 1)?
What is Barney's Version about?
Who is the author of Barney's Version?
When was Barney's Version published?
What is the genre of Barney's Version?
How many pages does Barney's Version have?
Can you summarize Barney's Version?
What is The Long Patrol about?
Who is the author of The Long Patrol?
When was The Long Patrol published?
What is the genre of The Long Patrol?
How many pages does The Long Patrol have?
Can you summarize The Long Patrol?
What is Baltimore Blues about?
Who is the author of Baltimore Blues?
When was Baltimore Blues published?
What is the genre of Baltimore Blues?
How many pages does Baltimore Blues have?
Can you summarize Baltimore Blues?
What is The Dilbert Future about?
Who is the author of The Dilbert Future?
When was The Dilbert Future published?
What is the genre of The Dilbert Future?
How many pages does The Dilbert Future have?
Can you summarize The Dilbert Future?
What is The Bat about?
Who is the author of The Bat?
When was The Bat published?
What is the genre of The Bat?
How many pages does The Bat have?
Can you summarize The Bat?
What is The clothes they stood up in about?
Who is the author of The clothes they stood up in?
When was The clothes they stood up in published?
What is the genre of The clothes they stood up in?
How many pages does The clothes they stood up in have?
Can you summarize The clothes they stood up in?
What is Tales from Ovid about?
Who is the author of Tales from Ovid?
When was Tales from Ovid published?
What is the genre of Tales from Ovid?
How many pages does Tales from Ovid have?
Can you summarize Tales from Ovid?
What is Sacred about?
Who is the author of Sacred?
When was Sacred published?
What is the genre of Sacred?
How many pages does Sacred have?
Can you summarize Sacred?
What is The cat who tailed a thief about?
Who is the author of The cat who tailed a thief?
When was The cat who tailed a thief published?
What is the genre of The cat who tailed a thief?
How many pages does The cat who tailed a thief have?
Can you summarize The cat who tailed a thief?
What is Holidays on ice about?
Who is the author of Holidays on ice?
When was Holidays on ice published?
What is the genre of Holidays on ice?
How many pages does Holidays on ice have?
Can you summarize Holidays on ice?
What is Once a Hero (Baen Book) about?
Who is the author of Once a Hero (Baen Book)?
When was Once a Hero (Baen Book) published?
What is the genre of Once a Hero (Baen Book)?
How many pages does Once a Hero (Baen Book) have?
Can you summarize Once a Hero (Baen Book)?
What is Che Guevara about?
Who is the author of Che Guevara?
When was Che Guevara published?
What is the genre of Che Guevara?
How many pages does Che Guevara have?
Can you summarize Che Guevara?
What is Literary Theory about?
Who is the author of Literary Theory?
When was Literary Theory published?
What is the genre of Literary Theory?
How many pages does Literary Theory have?
Can you summarize Literary Theory?
What is The Dragonslayer (Bone, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of The Dragonslayer (Bone, Book 4)?
When was The Dragonslayer (Bone, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of The Dragonslayer (Bone, Book 4)?
How many pages does The Dragonslayer (Bone, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize The Dragonslayer (Bone, Book 4)?
What is 3001 about?
Who is the author of 3001?
When was 3001 published?
What is the genre of 3001?
How many pages does 3001 have?
Can you summarize 3001?
What is Deep waters about?
Who is the author of Deep waters?
When was Deep waters published?
What is the genre of Deep waters?
How many pages does Deep waters have?
Can you summarize Deep waters?
What is Reliquary about?
Who is the author of Reliquary?
When was Reliquary published?
What is the genre of Reliquary?
How many pages does Reliquary have?
Can you summarize Reliquary?
What is Son of the Morning about?
Who is the author of Son of the Morning?
When was Son of the Morning published?
What is the genre of Son of the Morning?
How many pages does Son of the Morning have?
Can you summarize Son of the Morning?
What is Memoirs of Cleopatra about?
Who is the author of Memoirs of Cleopatra?
When was Memoirs of Cleopatra published?
What is the genre of Memoirs of Cleopatra?
How many pages does Memoirs of Cleopatra have?
Can you summarize Memoirs of Cleopatra?
What is Circle Of Magic: Sandry's Book. about?
Who is the author of Circle Of Magic: Sandry's Book.?
When was Circle Of Magic: Sandry's Book. published?
What is the genre of Circle Of Magic: Sandry's Book.?
How many pages does Circle Of Magic: Sandry's Book. have?
Can you summarize Circle Of Magic: Sandry's Book.?
What is The Diving Bell and the Butterfly about?
Who is the author of The Diving Bell and the Butterfly?
When was The Diving Bell and the Butterfly published?
What is the genre of The Diving Bell and the Butterfly?
How many pages does The Diving Bell and the Butterfly have?
Can you summarize The Diving Bell and the Butterfly?
What is Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs about?
Who is the author of Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs?
When was Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs published?
What is the genre of Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs?
How many pages does Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs have?
Can you summarize Dave Barry's Book of Bad Songs?
What is Letters to a young novelist about?
Who is the author of Letters to a young novelist?
When was Letters to a young novelist published?
What is the genre of Letters to a young novelist?
How many pages does Letters to a young novelist have?
Can you summarize Letters to a young novelist?
What is The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down about?
Who is the author of The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down?
When was The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down published?
What is the genre of The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down?
How many pages does The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down have?
Can you summarize The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down?
What is Plum Island about?
Who is the author of Plum Island?
When was Plum Island published?
What is the genre of Plum Island?
How many pages does Plum Island have?
Can you summarize Plum Island?
What is Kant and the Platypus about?
Who is the author of Kant and the Platypus?
When was Kant and the Platypus published?
What is the genre of Kant and the Platypus?
How many pages does Kant and the Platypus have?
Can you summarize Kant and the Platypus?
What is Affair about?
Who is the author of Affair?
When was Affair published?
What is the genre of Affair?
How many pages does Affair have?
Can you summarize Affair?
What is Uppity women of medieval times about?
Who is the author of Uppity women of medieval times?
When was Uppity women of medieval times published?
What is the genre of Uppity women of medieval times?
How many pages does Uppity women of medieval times have?
Can you summarize Uppity women of medieval times?
What is The Color of Water about?
Who is the author of The Color of Water?
When was The Color of Water published?
What is the genre of The Color of Water?
How many pages does The Color of Water have?
Can you summarize The Color of Water?
What is Rapunzel about?
Who is the author of Rapunzel?
When was Rapunzel published?
What is the genre of Rapunzel?
How many pages does Rapunzel have?
Can you summarize Rapunzel?
What is Moab is my washpot about?
Who is the author of Moab is my washpot?
When was Moab is my washpot published?
What is the genre of Moab is my washpot?
How many pages does Moab is my washpot have?
Can you summarize Moab is my washpot?
What is A Certain Justice about?
Who is the author of A Certain Justice?
When was A Certain Justice published?
What is the genre of A Certain Justice?
How many pages does A Certain Justice have?
Can you summarize A Certain Justice?
What is Road Rage (A Chief Inspector Wexford Mystery) about?
Who is the author of Road Rage (A Chief Inspector Wexford Mystery)?
When was Road Rage (A Chief Inspector Wexford Mystery) published?
What is the genre of Road Rage (A Chief Inspector Wexford Mystery)?
How many pages does Road Rage (A Chief Inspector Wexford Mystery) have?
Can you summarize Road Rage (A Chief Inspector Wexford Mystery)?
What is One Step Behind about?
Who is the author of One Step Behind?
When was One Step Behind published?
What is the genre of One Step Behind?
How many pages does One Step Behind have?
Can you summarize One Step Behind?
What is The Grilling Season (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 7) about?
Who is the author of The Grilling Season (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 7)?
When was The Grilling Season (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 7) published?
What is the genre of The Grilling Season (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 7)?
How many pages does The Grilling Season (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 7) have?
Can you summarize The Grilling Season (Goldy Culinary Mysteries, Book 7)?
What is Vengeance in Death about?
Who is the author of Vengeance in Death?
When was Vengeance in Death published?
What is the genre of Vengeance in Death?
How many pages does Vengeance in Death have?
Can you summarize Vengeance in Death?
What is A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2)?
When was A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2)?
How many pages does A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2)?
What is Holes about?
Who is the author of Holes?
When was Holes published?
What is the genre of Holes?
How many pages does Holes have?
Can you summarize Holes?
What is The Poisonwood Bible about?
Who is the author of The Poisonwood Bible?
When was The Poisonwood Bible published?
What is the genre of The Poisonwood Bible?
How many pages does The Poisonwood Bible have?
Can you summarize The Poisonwood Bible?
What is Stardust about?
Who is the author of Stardust?
When was Stardust published?
What is the genre of Stardust?
How many pages does Stardust have?
Can you summarize Stardust?
What is About a Boy about?
Who is the author of About a Boy?
When was About a Boy published?
What is the genre of About a Boy?
How many pages does About a Boy have?
Can you summarize About a Boy?
What is The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency about?
Who is the author of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency?
When was The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency published?
What is the genre of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency?
How many pages does The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency have?
Can you summarize The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency?
What is The hours about?
Who is the author of The hours?
When was The hours published?
What is the genre of The hours?
How many pages does The hours have?
Can you summarize The hours?
What is Chocolat about?
Who is the author of Chocolat?
When was Chocolat published?
What is the genre of Chocolat?
How many pages does Chocolat have?
Can you summarize Chocolat?
What is Carpe jugulum about?
Who is the author of Carpe jugulum?
When was Carpe jugulum published?
What is the genre of Carpe jugulum?
How many pages does Carpe jugulum have?
Can you summarize Carpe jugulum?
What is I Know This Much Is True about?
Who is the author of I Know This Much Is True?
When was I Know This Much Is True published?
What is the genre of I Know This Much Is True?
How many pages does I Know This Much Is True have?
Can you summarize I Know This Much Is True?
What is Bag of Bones about?
Who is the author of Bag of Bones?
When was Bag of Bones published?
What is the genre of Bag of Bones?
How many pages does Bag of Bones have?
Can you summarize Bag of Bones?
What is The Path of Daggers (The Wheel of Time, Book 8) about?
Who is the author of The Path of Daggers (The Wheel of Time, Book 8)?
When was The Path of Daggers (The Wheel of Time, Book 8) published?
What is the genre of The Path of Daggers (The Wheel of Time, Book 8)?
How many pages does The Path of Daggers (The Wheel of Time, Book 8) have?
Can you summarize The Path of Daggers (The Wheel of Time, Book 8)?
What is The Dark Lord of Derkholm (Gollancz) about?
Who is the author of The Dark Lord of Derkholm (Gollancz)?
When was The Dark Lord of Derkholm (Gollancz) published?
What is the genre of The Dark Lord of Derkholm (Gollancz)?
How many pages does The Dark Lord of Derkholm (Gollancz) have?
Can you summarize The Dark Lord of Derkholm (Gollancz)?
What is The Pilot's Wife about?
Who is the author of The Pilot's Wife?
When was The Pilot's Wife published?
What is the genre of The Pilot's Wife?
How many pages does The Pilot's Wife have?
Can you summarize The Pilot's Wife?
What is The Professor and the Madman about?
Who is the author of The Professor and the Madman?
When was The Professor and the Madman published?
What is the genre of The Professor and the Madman?
How many pages does The Professor and the Madman have?
Can you summarize The Professor and the Madman?
What is Daughter of the Blood (The Black Jewels Trilogy, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Daughter of the Blood (The Black Jewels Trilogy, Book 1)?
When was Daughter of the Blood (The Black Jewels Trilogy, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Daughter of the Blood (The Black Jewels Trilogy, Book 1)?
How many pages does Daughter of the Blood (The Black Jewels Trilogy, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Daughter of the Blood (The Black Jewels Trilogy, Book 1)?
What is I'm a stranger here myself about?
Who is the author of I'm a stranger here myself?
When was I'm a stranger here myself published?
What is the genre of I'm a stranger here myself?
How many pages does I'm a stranger here myself have?
Can you summarize I'm a stranger here myself?
What is Smoke and Mirrors about?
Who is the author of Smoke and Mirrors?
When was Smoke and Mirrors published?
What is the genre of Smoke and Mirrors?
How many pages does Smoke and Mirrors have?
Can you summarize Smoke and Mirrors?
What is Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders) about?
Who is the author of Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders)?
When was Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders) published?
What is the genre of Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders)?
How many pages does Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders) have?
Can you summarize Ship of Magic (Liveship Traders)?
What is The Last Continent (Discworld) about?
Who is the author of The Last Continent (Discworld)?
When was The Last Continent (Discworld) published?
What is the genre of The Last Continent (Discworld)?
How many pages does The Last Continent (Discworld) have?
Can you summarize The Last Continent (Discworld)?
What is Confederates in the Attic about?
Who is the author of Confederates in the Attic?
When was Confederates in the Attic published?
What is the genre of Confederates in the Attic?
How many pages does Confederates in the Attic have?
Can you summarize Confederates in the Attic?
What is The MasterHarper of Pern about?
Who is the author of The MasterHarper of Pern?
When was The MasterHarper of Pern published?
What is the genre of The MasterHarper of Pern?
How many pages does The MasterHarper of Pern have?
Can you summarize The MasterHarper of Pern?
What is Marlfox about?
Who is the author of Marlfox?
When was Marlfox published?
What is the genre of Marlfox?
How many pages does Marlfox have?
Can you summarize Marlfox?
What is Among the Hidden (Shadow Children) about?
Who is the author of Among the Hidden (Shadow Children)?
When was Among the Hidden (Shadow Children) published?
What is the genre of Among the Hidden (Shadow Children)?
How many pages does Among the Hidden (Shadow Children) have?
Can you summarize Among the Hidden (Shadow Children)?
What is Tipping the Velvet about?
Who is the author of Tipping the Velvet?
When was Tipping the Velvet published?
What is the genre of Tipping the Velvet?
How many pages does Tipping the Velvet have?
Can you summarize Tipping the Velvet?
What is Inversions about?
Who is the author of Inversions?
When was Inversions published?
What is the genre of Inversions?
How many pages does Inversions have?
Can you summarize Inversions?
What is Point of Origin (Dr Kay Scarpetta) about?
Who is the author of Point of Origin (Dr Kay Scarpetta)?
When was Point of Origin (Dr Kay Scarpetta) published?
What is the genre of Point of Origin (Dr Kay Scarpetta)?
How many pages does Point of Origin (Dr Kay Scarpetta) have?
Can you summarize Point of Origin (Dr Kay Scarpetta)?
What is Deception on his mind about?
Who is the author of Deception on his mind?
When was Deception on his mind published?
What is the genre of Deception on his mind?
How many pages does Deception on his mind have?
Can you summarize Deception on his mind?
What is The Pact about?
Who is the author of The Pact?
When was The Pact published?
What is the genre of The Pact?
How many pages does The Pact have?
Can you summarize The Pact?
What is Amsterdam about?
Who is the author of Amsterdam?
When was Amsterdam published?
What is the genre of Amsterdam?
How many pages does Amsterdam have?
Can you summarize Amsterdam?
What is The Street Lawyer about?
Who is the author of The Street Lawyer?
When was The Street Lawyer published?
What is the genre of The Street Lawyer?
How many pages does The Street Lawyer have?
Can you summarize The Street Lawyer?
What is The Vampire Armand (The Vampire Chronicles, Book 6) about?
Who is the author of The Vampire Armand (The Vampire Chronicles, Book 6)?
When was The Vampire Armand (The Vampire Chronicles, Book 6) published?
What is the genre of The Vampire Armand (The Vampire Chronicles, Book 6)?
How many pages does The Vampire Armand (The Vampire Chronicles, Book 6) have?
Can you summarize The Vampire Armand (The Vampire Chronicles, Book 6)?
What is Blood Work about?
Who is the author of Blood Work?
When was Blood Work published?
What is the genre of Blood Work?
How many pages does Blood Work have?
Can you summarize Blood Work?
What is Beautiful Mind about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Mind?
When was Beautiful Mind published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Mind?
How many pages does Beautiful Mind have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Mind?
What is To Say Nothing of the Dog about?
Who is the author of To Say Nothing of the Dog?
When was To Say Nothing of the Dog published?
What is the genre of To Say Nothing of the Dog?
How many pages does To Say Nothing of the Dog have?
Can you summarize To Say Nothing of the Dog?
What is Island in the Sea of Time about?
Who is the author of Island in the Sea of Time?
When was Island in the Sea of Time published?
What is the genre of Island in the Sea of Time?
How many pages does Island in the Sea of Time have?
Can you summarize Island in the Sea of Time?
What is Burnt Offerings (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 7) about?
Who is the author of Burnt Offerings (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 7)?
When was Burnt Offerings (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 7) published?
What is the genre of Burnt Offerings (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 7)?
How many pages does Burnt Offerings (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 7) have?
Can you summarize Burnt Offerings (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 7)?
What is Veronika Decides to Die about?
Who is the author of Veronika Decides to Die?
When was Veronika Decides to Die published?
What is the genre of Veronika Decides to Die?
How many pages does Veronika Decides to Die have?
Can you summarize Veronika Decides to Die?
What is A Walk in the Woods about?
Who is the author of A Walk in the Woods?
When was A Walk in the Woods published?
What is the genre of A Walk in the Woods?
How many pages does A Walk in the Woods have?
Can you summarize A Walk in the Woods?
What is Blue Moon (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 8) about?
Who is the author of Blue Moon (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 8)?
When was Blue Moon (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 8) published?
What is the genre of Blue Moon (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 8)?
How many pages does Blue Moon (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 8) have?
Can you summarize Blue Moon (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 8)?
What is England, England about?
Who is the author of England, England?
When was England, England published?
What is the genre of England, England?
How many pages does England, England have?
Can you summarize England, England?
What is The Accidental Time Machine about?
Who is the author of The Accidental Time Machine?
When was The Accidental Time Machine published?
What is the genre of The Accidental Time Machine?
How many pages does The Accidental Time Machine have?
Can you summarize The Accidental Time Machine?
What is With This Ring about?
Who is the author of With This Ring?
When was With This Ring published?
What is the genre of With This Ring?
How many pages does With This Ring have?
Can you summarize With This Ring?
What is The life of Elizabeth I about?
Who is the author of The life of Elizabeth I?
When was The life of Elizabeth I published?
What is the genre of The life of Elizabeth I?
How many pages does The life of Elizabeth I have?
Can you summarize The life of Elizabeth I?
What is Iron Lake (Mysteries & Horror) about?
Who is the author of Iron Lake (Mysteries & Horror)?
When was Iron Lake (Mysteries & Horror) published?
What is the genre of Iron Lake (Mysteries & Horror)?
How many pages does Iron Lake (Mysteries & Horror) have?
Can you summarize Iron Lake (Mysteries & Horror)?
What is Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady, R.M.S. Titanic, 1912 (Dear America) about?
Who is the author of Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady, R.M.S. Titanic, 1912 (Dear America)?
When was Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady, R.M.S. Titanic, 1912 (Dear America) published?
What is the genre of Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady, R.M.S. Titanic, 1912 (Dear America)?
How many pages does Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady, R.M.S. Titanic, 1912 (Dear America) have?
Can you summarize Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady, R.M.S. Titanic, 1912 (Dear America)?
What is Rainbow Six about?
Who is the author of Rainbow Six?
When was Rainbow Six published?
What is the genre of Rainbow Six?
How many pages does Rainbow Six have?
Can you summarize Rainbow Six?
What is Someone Like You (reissue) about?
Who is the author of Someone Like You (reissue)?
When was Someone Like You (reissue) published?
What is the genre of Someone Like You (reissue)?
How many pages does Someone Like You (reissue) have?
Can you summarize Someone Like You (reissue)?
What is The Death of the Necromancer about?
Who is the author of The Death of the Necromancer?
When was The Death of the Necromancer published?
What is the genre of The Death of the Necromancer?
How many pages does The Death of the Necromancer have?
Can you summarize The Death of the Necromancer?
What is Headlong about?
Who is the author of Headlong?
When was Headlong published?
What is the genre of Headlong?
How many pages does Headlong have?
Can you summarize Headlong?
What is Komarr (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures) about?
Who is the author of Komarr (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures)?
When was Komarr (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures) published?
What is the genre of Komarr (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures)?
How many pages does Komarr (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures) have?
Can you summarize Komarr (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures)?
What is A Widow for One Year about?
Who is the author of A Widow for One Year?
When was A Widow for One Year published?
What is the genre of A Widow for One Year?
How many pages does A Widow for One Year have?
Can you summarize A Widow for One Year?
What is Chimney Sweeper's Boy about?
Who is the author of Chimney Sweeper's Boy?
When was Chimney Sweeper's Boy published?
What is the genre of Chimney Sweeper's Boy?
How many pages does Chimney Sweeper's Boy have?
Can you summarize Chimney Sweeper's Boy?
What is Shakespeare in Love about?
Who is the author of Shakespeare in Love?
When was Shakespeare in Love published?
What is the genre of Shakespeare in Love?
How many pages does Shakespeare in Love have?
Can you summarize Shakespeare in Love?
What is Gone, Baby, Gone about?
Who is the author of Gone, Baby, Gone?
When was Gone, Baby, Gone published?
What is the genre of Gone, Baby, Gone?
How many pages does Gone, Baby, Gone have?
Can you summarize Gone, Baby, Gone?
What is THE PIANIST about?
Who is the author of THE PIANIST?
When was THE PIANIST published?
What is the genre of THE PIANIST?
How many pages does THE PIANIST have?
Can you summarize THE PIANIST?
What is A Patchwork Planet about?
Who is the author of A Patchwork Planet?
When was A Patchwork Planet published?
What is the genre of A Patchwork Planet?
How many pages does A Patchwork Planet have?
Can you summarize A Patchwork Planet?
What is We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families about?
Who is the author of We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families?
When was We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families published?
What is the genre of We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families?
How many pages does We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families have?
Can you summarize We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families?
What is The MacGregor grooms about?
Who is the author of The MacGregor grooms?
When was The MacGregor grooms published?
What is the genre of The MacGregor grooms?
How many pages does The MacGregor grooms have?
Can you summarize The MacGregor grooms?
What is Eucalyptus about?
Who is the author of Eucalyptus?
When was Eucalyptus published?
What is the genre of Eucalyptus?
How many pages does Eucalyptus have?
Can you summarize Eucalyptus?
What is The Savage Detectives about?
Who is the author of The Savage Detectives?
When was The Savage Detectives published?
What is the genre of The Savage Detectives?
How many pages does The Savage Detectives have?
Can you summarize The Savage Detectives?
What is The Love of a Good Woman about?
Who is the author of The Love of a Good Woman?
When was The Love of a Good Woman published?
What is the genre of The Love of a Good Woman?
How many pages does The Love of a Good Woman have?
Can you summarize The Love of a Good Woman?
What is Gates of fire about?
Who is the author of Gates of fire?
When was Gates of fire published?
What is the genre of Gates of fire?
How many pages does Gates of fire have?
Can you summarize Gates of fire?
What is Ex Libris about?
Who is the author of Ex Libris?
When was Ex Libris published?
What is the genre of Ex Libris?
How many pages does Ex Libris have?
Can you summarize Ex Libris?
What is Legends about?
Who is the author of Legends?
When was Legends published?
What is the genre of Legends?
How many pages does Legends have?
Can you summarize Legends?
What is Shakespeare about?
Who is the author of Shakespeare?
When was Shakespeare published?
What is the genre of Shakespeare?
How many pages does Shakespeare have?
Can you summarize Shakespeare?
What is Igraine The Brave about?
Who is the author of Igraine The Brave?
When was Igraine The Brave published?
What is the genre of Igraine The Brave?
How many pages does Igraine The Brave have?
Can you summarize Igraine The Brave?
What is Charlotte Gray about?
Who is the author of Charlotte Gray?
When was Charlotte Gray published?
What is the genre of Charlotte Gray?
How many pages does Charlotte Gray have?
Can you summarize Charlotte Gray?
What is A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels) about?
Who is the author of A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels)?
When was A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels) published?
What is the genre of A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels)?
How many pages does A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels) have?
Can you summarize A Rake's Vow (Cynster Novels)?
What is Elementals about?
Who is the author of Elementals?
When was Elementals published?
What is the genre of Elementals?
How many pages does Elementals have?
Can you summarize Elementals?
What is Pandora about?
Who is the author of Pandora?
When was Pandora published?
What is the genre of Pandora?
How many pages does Pandora have?
Can you summarize Pandora?
What is The Shakespeare Stealer about?
Who is the author of The Shakespeare Stealer?
When was The Shakespeare Stealer published?
What is the genre of The Shakespeare Stealer?
How many pages does The Shakespeare Stealer have?
Can you summarize The Shakespeare Stealer?
What is Collected Fictions about?
Who is the author of Collected Fictions?
When was Collected Fictions published?
What is the genre of Collected Fictions?
How many pages does Collected Fictions have?
Can you summarize Collected Fictions?
What is The Antelope Wife about?
Who is the author of The Antelope Wife?
When was The Antelope Wife published?
What is the genre of The Antelope Wife?
How many pages does The Antelope Wife have?
Can you summarize The Antelope Wife?
What is Summon the Keeper about?
Who is the author of Summon the Keeper?
When was Summon the Keeper published?
What is the genre of Summon the Keeper?
How many pages does Summon the Keeper have?
Can you summarize Summon the Keeper?
What is Riptide. about?
Who is the author of Riptide.?
When was Riptide. published?
What is the genre of Riptide.?
How many pages does Riptide. have?
Can you summarize Riptide.?
What is Green rider about?
Who is the author of Green rider?
When was Green rider published?
What is the genre of Green rider?
How many pages does Green rider have?
Can you summarize Green rider?
What is Polar bears past bedtime about?
Who is the author of Polar bears past bedtime?
When was Polar bears past bedtime published?
What is the genre of Polar bears past bedtime?
How many pages does Polar bears past bedtime have?
Can you summarize Polar bears past bedtime?
What is Pumpkin Soup about?
Who is the author of Pumpkin Soup?
When was Pumpkin Soup published?
What is the genre of Pumpkin Soup?
How many pages does Pumpkin Soup have?
Can you summarize Pumpkin Soup?
What is Sword in the Storm (The Rigante Series, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Sword in the Storm (The Rigante Series, Book 1)?
When was Sword in the Storm (The Rigante Series, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Sword in the Storm (The Rigante Series, Book 1)?
How many pages does Sword in the Storm (The Rigante Series, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Sword in the Storm (The Rigante Series, Book 1)?
What is Homeport about?
Who is the author of Homeport?
When was Homeport published?
What is the genre of Homeport?
How many pages does Homeport have?
Can you summarize Homeport?
What is Hour of the Olympics about?
Who is the author of Hour of the Olympics?
When was Hour of the Olympics published?
What is the genre of Hour of the Olympics?
How many pages does Hour of the Olympics have?
Can you summarize Hour of the Olympics?
What is Judas child. about?
Who is the author of Judas child.?
When was Judas child. published?
What is the genre of Judas child.?
How many pages does Judas child. have?
Can you summarize Judas child.?
What is Sharpe's Triumph about?
Who is the author of Sharpe's Triumph?
When was Sharpe's Triumph published?
What is the genre of Sharpe's Triumph?
How many pages does Sharpe's Triumph have?
Can you summarize Sharpe's Triumph?
What is River of Blue Fire (Otherland, Volume 2) about?
Who is the author of River of Blue Fire (Otherland, Volume 2)?
When was River of Blue Fire (Otherland, Volume 2) published?
What is the genre of River of Blue Fire (Otherland, Volume 2)?
How many pages does River of Blue Fire (Otherland, Volume 2) have?
Can you summarize River of Blue Fire (Otherland, Volume 2)?
What is Secret Prey about?
Who is the author of Secret Prey?
When was Secret Prey published?
What is the genre of Secret Prey?
How many pages does Secret Prey have?
Can you summarize Secret Prey?
What is Baby, I'm Yours about?
Who is the author of Baby, I'm Yours?
When was Baby, I'm Yours published?
What is the genre of Baby, I'm Yours?
How many pages does Baby, I'm Yours have?
Can you summarize Baby, I'm Yours?
What is Die Trying about?
Who is the author of Die Trying?
When was Die Trying published?
What is the genre of Die Trying?
How many pages does Die Trying have?
Can you summarize Die Trying?
What is Thank You, Mr. Falker about?
Who is the author of Thank You, Mr. Falker?
When was Thank You, Mr. Falker published?
What is the genre of Thank You, Mr. Falker?
How many pages does Thank You, Mr. Falker have?
Can you summarize Thank You, Mr. Falker?
What is The Art of Happiness about?
Who is the author of The Art of Happiness?
When was The Art of Happiness published?
What is the genre of The Art of Happiness?
How many pages does The Art of Happiness have?
Can you summarize The Art of Happiness?
What is How to cook everything about?
Who is the author of How to cook everything?
When was How to cook everything published?
What is the genre of How to cook everything?
How many pages does How to cook everything have?
Can you summarize How to cook everything?
What is The hanging garden about?
Who is the author of The hanging garden?
When was The hanging garden published?
What is the genre of The hanging garden?
How many pages does The hanging garden have?
Can you summarize The hanging garden?
What is Gotham about?
Who is the author of Gotham?
When was Gotham published?
What is the genre of Gotham?
How many pages does Gotham have?
Can you summarize Gotham?
What is Ice station about?
Who is the author of Ice station?
When was Ice station published?
What is the genre of Ice station?
How many pages does Ice station have?
Can you summarize Ice station?
What is Witchlight Night World 9 (Night World) about?
Who is the author of Witchlight Night World 9 (Night World)?
When was Witchlight Night World 9 (Night World) published?
What is the genre of Witchlight Night World 9 (Night World)?
How many pages does Witchlight Night World 9 (Night World) have?
Can you summarize Witchlight Night World 9 (Night World)?
What is I married a communist about?
Who is the author of I married a communist?
When was I married a communist published?
What is the genre of I married a communist?
How many pages does I married a communist have?
Can you summarize I married a communist?
What is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Book 3)?
When was Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Book 3)?
How many pages does Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Book 3)?
What is The Bad Beginning - Book 1 of A Series of Unfortunate Events about?
Who is the author of The Bad Beginning - Book 1 of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
When was The Bad Beginning - Book 1 of A Series of Unfortunate Events published?
What is the genre of The Bad Beginning - Book 1 of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
How many pages does The Bad Beginning - Book 1 of A Series of Unfortunate Events have?
Can you summarize The Bad Beginning - Book 1 of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
What is Speak 20th Anniversary Edition about?
Who is the author of Speak 20th Anniversary Edition?
When was Speak 20th Anniversary Edition published?
What is the genre of Speak 20th Anniversary Edition?
How many pages does Speak 20th Anniversary Edition have?
Can you summarize Speak 20th Anniversary Edition?
What is Girl With a Pearl Earring about?
Who is the author of Girl With a Pearl Earring?
When was Girl With a Pearl Earring published?
What is the genre of Girl With a Pearl Earring?
How many pages does Girl With a Pearl Earring have?
Can you summarize Girl With a Pearl Earring?
What is A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2)?
When was A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2)?
How many pages does A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize A Clash of Kings (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 2)?
What is The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon about?
Who is the author of The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon?
When was The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon published?
What is the genre of The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon?
How many pages does The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon have?
Can you summarize The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon?
What is Stardust about?
Who is the author of Stardust?
When was Stardust published?
What is the genre of Stardust?
How many pages does Stardust have?
Can you summarize Stardust?
What is Confessions of an ugly stepsister about?
Who is the author of Confessions of an ugly stepsister?
When was Confessions of an ugly stepsister published?
What is the genre of Confessions of an ugly stepsister?
How many pages does Confessions of an ugly stepsister have?
Can you summarize Confessions of an ugly stepsister?
What is Disgrace about?
Who is the author of Disgrace?
When was Disgrace published?
What is the genre of Disgrace?
How many pages does Disgrace have?
Can you summarize Disgrace?
What is Timeline about?
Who is the author of Timeline?
When was Timeline published?
What is the genre of Timeline?
How many pages does Timeline have?
Can you summarize Timeline?
What is Chocolat about?
Who is the author of Chocolat?
When was Chocolat published?
What is the genre of Chocolat?
How many pages does Chocolat have?
Can you summarize Chocolat?
What is Hearts in Atlantis about?
Who is the author of Hearts in Atlantis?
When was Hearts in Atlantis published?
What is the genre of Hearts in Atlantis?
How many pages does Hearts in Atlantis have?
Can you summarize Hearts in Atlantis?
What is Daughter of Fortune about?
Who is the author of Daughter of Fortune?
When was Daughter of Fortune published?
What is the genre of Daughter of Fortune?
How many pages does Daughter of Fortune have?
Can you summarize Daughter of Fortune?
What is Interpreter of Maladies about?
Who is the author of Interpreter of Maladies?
When was Interpreter of Maladies published?
What is the genre of Interpreter of Maladies?
How many pages does Interpreter of Maladies have?
Can you summarize Interpreter of Maladies?
What is Fifth Elephant, The about?
Who is the author of Fifth Elephant, The?
When was Fifth Elephant, The published?
What is the genre of Fifth Elephant, The?
How many pages does Fifth Elephant, The have?
Can you summarize Fifth Elephant, The?
What is White Oleander about?
Who is the author of White Oleander?
When was White Oleander published?
What is the genre of White Oleander?
How many pages does White Oleander have?
Can you summarize White Oleander?
What is First Test about?
Who is the author of First Test?
When was First Test published?
What is the genre of First Test?
How many pages does First Test have?
Can you summarize First Test?
What is Waiting about?
Who is the author of Waiting?
When was Waiting published?
What is the genre of Waiting?
How many pages does Waiting have?
Can you summarize Waiting?
What is The Testament about?
Who is the author of The Testament?
When was The Testament published?
What is the genre of The Testament?
How many pages does The Testament have?
Can you summarize The Testament?
What is Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging about?
Who is the author of Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging?
When was Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging published?
What is the genre of Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging?
How many pages does Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging have?
Can you summarize Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging?
What is Sputnik Sweetheart about?
Who is the author of Sputnik Sweetheart?
When was Sputnik Sweetheart published?
What is the genre of Sputnik Sweetheart?
How many pages does Sputnik Sweetheart have?
Can you summarize Sputnik Sweetheart?
What is Bridget Jones about?
Who is the author of Bridget Jones?
When was Bridget Jones published?
What is the genre of Bridget Jones?
How many pages does Bridget Jones have?
Can you summarize Bridget Jones?
What is High five about?
Who is the author of High five?
When was High five published?
What is the genre of High five?
How many pages does High five have?
Can you summarize High five?
What is Battle Royale about?
Who is the author of Battle Royale?
When was Battle Royale published?
What is the genre of Battle Royale?
How many pages does Battle Royale have?
Can you summarize Battle Royale?
What is Ender's Shadow (Ender, Book 5) (Ender's Shadow) about?
Who is the author of Ender's Shadow (Ender, Book 5) (Ender's Shadow)?
When was Ender's Shadow (Ender, Book 5) (Ender's Shadow) published?
What is the genre of Ender's Shadow (Ender, Book 5) (Ender's Shadow)?
How many pages does Ender's Shadow (Ender, Book 5) (Ender's Shadow) have?
Can you summarize Ender's Shadow (Ender, Book 5) (Ender's Shadow)?
What is Seabiscuit. about?
Who is the author of Seabiscuit.?
When was Seabiscuit. published?
What is the genre of Seabiscuit.?
How many pages does Seabiscuit. have?
Can you summarize Seabiscuit.?
What is Death du jour about?
Who is the author of Death du jour?
When was Death du jour published?
What is the genre of Death du jour?
How many pages does Death du jour have?
Can you summarize Death du jour?
What is The Gruffalo about?
Who is the author of The Gruffalo?
When was The Gruffalo published?
What is the genre of The Gruffalo?
How many pages does The Gruffalo have?
Can you summarize The Gruffalo?
What is Ransom about?
Who is the author of Ransom?
When was Ransom published?
What is the genre of Ransom?
How many pages does Ransom have?
Can you summarize Ransom?
What is Eleanor of Aquitaine about?
Who is the author of Eleanor of Aquitaine?
When was Eleanor of Aquitaine published?
What is the genre of Eleanor of Aquitaine?
How many pages does Eleanor of Aquitaine have?
Can you summarize Eleanor of Aquitaine?
What is Ahab's Wife: Or, The Star-gazer about?
Who is the author of Ahab's Wife: Or, The Star-gazer?
When was Ahab's Wife: Or, The Star-gazer published?
What is the genre of Ahab's Wife: Or, The Star-gazer?
How many pages does Ahab's Wife: Or, The Star-gazer have?
Can you summarize Ahab's Wife: Or, The Star-gazer?
What is Heir to the Shadows about?
Who is the author of Heir to the Shadows?
When was Heir to the Shadows published?
What is the genre of Heir to the Shadows?
How many pages does Heir to the Shadows have?
Can you summarize Heir to the Shadows?
What is Confessions of a Shopaholic about?
Who is the author of Confessions of a Shopaholic?
When was Confessions of a Shopaholic published?
What is the genre of Confessions of a Shopaholic?
How many pages does Confessions of a Shopaholic have?
Can you summarize Confessions of a Shopaholic?
What is Click, Clack, Moo about?
Who is the author of Click, Clack, Moo?
When was Click, Clack, Moo published?
What is the genre of Click, Clack, Moo?
How many pages does Click, Clack, Moo have?
Can you summarize Click, Clack, Moo?
What is Darwin's radio about?
Who is the author of Darwin's radio?
When was Darwin's radio published?
What is the genre of Darwin's radio?
How many pages does Darwin's radio have?
Can you summarize Darwin's radio?
What is A Deepness in the Sky (Zones of Thought) about?
Who is the author of A Deepness in the Sky (Zones of Thought)?
When was A Deepness in the Sky (Zones of Thought) published?
What is the genre of A Deepness in the Sky (Zones of Thought)?
How many pages does A Deepness in the Sky (Zones of Thought) have?
Can you summarize A Deepness in the Sky (Zones of Thought)?
What is Gardens of the moon about?
Who is the author of Gardens of the moon?
When was Gardens of the moon published?
What is the genre of Gardens of the moon?
How many pages does Gardens of the moon have?
Can you summarize Gardens of the moon?
What is 'Tis about?
Who is the author of 'Tis?
When was 'Tis published?
What is the genre of 'Tis?
How many pages does 'Tis have?
Can you summarize 'Tis?
What is We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families about?
Who is the author of We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families?
When was We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families published?
What is the genre of We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families?
How many pages does We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families have?
Can you summarize We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will be Killed With Our Families?
What is In pursuit of the proper sinner about?
Who is the author of In pursuit of the proper sinner?
When was In pursuit of the proper sinner published?
What is the genre of In pursuit of the proper sinner?
How many pages does In pursuit of the proper sinner have?
Can you summarize In pursuit of the proper sinner?
What is Angels Flight (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of Angels Flight (Harry Bosch)?
When was Angels Flight (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of Angels Flight (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does Angels Flight (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize Angels Flight (Harry Bosch)?
What is The Blackwater Lightship about?
Who is the author of The Blackwater Lightship?
When was The Blackwater Lightship published?
What is the genre of The Blackwater Lightship?
How many pages does The Blackwater Lightship have?
Can you summarize The Blackwater Lightship?
What is Mary, Bloody Mary about?
Who is the author of Mary, Bloody Mary?
When was Mary, Bloody Mary published?
What is the genre of Mary, Bloody Mary?
How many pages does Mary, Bloody Mary have?
Can you summarize Mary, Bloody Mary?
What is No Logo about?
Who is the author of No Logo?
When was No Logo published?
What is the genre of No Logo?
How many pages does No Logo have?
Can you summarize No Logo?
What is The Legend of Luke about?
Who is the author of The Legend of Luke?
When was The Legend of Luke published?
What is the genre of The Legend of Luke?
How many pages does The Legend of Luke have?
Can you summarize The Legend of Luke?
What is Silver Birch, Blood Moon about?
Who is the author of Silver Birch, Blood Moon?
When was Silver Birch, Blood Moon published?
What is the genre of Silver Birch, Blood Moon?
How many pages does Silver Birch, Blood Moon have?
Can you summarize Silver Birch, Blood Moon?
What is Traveling Mercies about?
Who is the author of Traveling Mercies?
When was Traveling Mercies published?
What is the genre of Traveling Mercies?
How many pages does Traveling Mercies have?
Can you summarize Traveling Mercies?
What is Monster about?
Who is the author of Monster?
When was Monster published?
What is the genre of Monster?
How many pages does Monster have?
Can you summarize Monster?
What is On Writing about?
Who is the author of On Writing?
When was On Writing published?
What is the genre of On Writing?
How many pages does On Writing have?
Can you summarize On Writing?
What is Fool And His Honey about?
Who is the author of Fool And His Honey?
When was Fool And His Honey published?
What is the genre of Fool And His Honey?
How many pages does Fool And His Honey have?
Can you summarize Fool And His Honey?
What is The Year 1000 about?
Who is the author of The Year 1000?
When was The Year 1000 published?
What is the genre of The Year 1000?
How many pages does The Year 1000 have?
Can you summarize The Year 1000?
What is The elegant universe about?
Who is the author of The elegant universe?
When was The elegant universe published?
What is the genre of The elegant universe?
How many pages does The elegant universe have?
Can you summarize The elegant universe?
What is Marie Antoinette about?
Who is the author of Marie Antoinette?
When was Marie Antoinette published?
What is the genre of Marie Antoinette?
How many pages does Marie Antoinette have?
Can you summarize Marie Antoinette?
What is The Descent about?
Who is the author of The Descent?
When was The Descent published?
What is the genre of The Descent?
How many pages does The Descent have?
Can you summarize The Descent?
What is Keeping the Moon (reissue) about?
Who is the author of Keeping the Moon (reissue)?
When was Keeping the Moon (reissue) published?
What is the genre of Keeping the Moon (reissue)?
How many pages does Keeping the Moon (reissue) have?
Can you summarize Keeping the Moon (reissue)?
What is Sector 7 about?
Who is the author of Sector 7?
When was Sector 7 published?
What is the genre of Sector 7?
How many pages does Sector 7 have?
Can you summarize Sector 7?
What is Survivor about?
Who is the author of Survivor?
When was Survivor published?
What is the genre of Survivor?
How many pages does Survivor have?
Can you summarize Survivor?
What is In the heart of the sea about?
Who is the author of In the heart of the sea?
When was In the heart of the sea published?
What is the genre of In the heart of the sea?
How many pages does In the heart of the sea have?
Can you summarize In the heart of the sea?
What is White Teeth about?
Who is the author of White Teeth?
When was White Teeth published?
What is the genre of White Teeth?
How many pages does White Teeth have?
Can you summarize White Teeth?
What is In America about?
Who is the author of In America?
When was In America published?
What is the genre of In America?
How many pages does In America have?
Can you summarize In America?
What is The Code Book about?
Who is the author of The Code Book?
When was The Code Book published?
What is the genre of The Code Book?
How many pages does The Code Book have?
Can you summarize The Code Book?
What is L. A. Requiem about?
Who is the author of L. A. Requiem?
When was L. A. Requiem published?
What is the genre of L. A. Requiem?
How many pages does L. A. Requiem have?
Can you summarize L. A. Requiem?
What is Acorna's people about?
Who is the author of Acorna's people?
When was Acorna's people published?
What is the genre of Acorna's people?
How many pages does Acorna's people have?
Can you summarize Acorna's people?
What is Uncommon Grounds about?
Who is the author of Uncommon Grounds?
When was Uncommon Grounds published?
What is the genre of Uncommon Grounds?
How many pages does Uncommon Grounds have?
Can you summarize Uncommon Grounds?
What is Time to Be in Earnest about?
Who is the author of Time to Be in Earnest?
When was Time to Be in Earnest published?
What is the genre of Time to Be in Earnest?
How many pages does Time to Be in Earnest have?
Can you summarize Time to Be in Earnest?
What is A Place of Safety about?
Who is the author of A Place of Safety?
When was A Place of Safety published?
What is the genre of A Place of Safety?
How many pages does A Place of Safety have?
Can you summarize A Place of Safety?
What is Plainsong about?
Who is the author of Plainsong?
When was Plainsong published?
What is the genre of Plainsong?
How many pages does Plainsong have?
Can you summarize Plainsong?
What is Have A Nice Day about?
Who is the author of Have A Nice Day?
When was Have A Nice Day published?
What is the genre of Have A Nice Day?
How many pages does Have A Nice Day have?
Can you summarize Have A Nice Day?
What is True At First Light  about?
Who is the author of True At First Light ?
When was True At First Light  published?
What is the genre of True At First Light ?
How many pages does True At First Light  have?
Can you summarize True At First Light ?
What is Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror) about?
Who is the author of Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror)?
When was Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror) published?
What is the genre of Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror)?
How many pages does Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror) have?
Can you summarize Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror)?
What is The ground beneath her feet about?
Who is the author of The ground beneath her feet?
When was The ground beneath her feet published?
What is the genre of The ground beneath her feet?
How many pages does The ground beneath her feet have?
Can you summarize The ground beneath her feet?
What is The cat who robbed a bank about?
Who is the author of The cat who robbed a bank?
When was The cat who robbed a bank published?
What is the genre of The cat who robbed a bank?
How many pages does The cat who robbed a bank have?
Can you summarize The cat who robbed a bank?
What is Brief Interviews With Hideous Men about?
Who is the author of Brief Interviews With Hideous Men?
When was Brief Interviews With Hideous Men published?
What is the genre of Brief Interviews With Hideous Men?
How many pages does Brief Interviews With Hideous Men have?
Can you summarize Brief Interviews With Hideous Men?
What is The Donovan Legacy about?
Who is the author of The Donovan Legacy?
When was The Donovan Legacy published?
What is the genre of The Donovan Legacy?
How many pages does The Donovan Legacy have?
Can you summarize The Donovan Legacy?
What is Enchanted. about?
Who is the author of Enchanted.?
When was Enchanted. published?
What is the genre of Enchanted.?
How many pages does Enchanted. have?
Can you summarize Enchanted.?
What is Flu about?
Who is the author of Flu?
When was Flu published?
What is the genre of Flu?
How many pages does Flu have?
Can you summarize Flu?
What is Traitor's Moon (Nightrunner, Vol. 3) about?
Who is the author of Traitor's Moon (Nightrunner, Vol. 3)?
When was Traitor's Moon (Nightrunner, Vol. 3) published?
What is the genre of Traitor's Moon (Nightrunner, Vol. 3)?
How many pages does Traitor's Moon (Nightrunner, Vol. 3) have?
Can you summarize Traitor's Moon (Nightrunner, Vol. 3)?
What is Virgin Earth about?
Who is the author of Virgin Earth?
When was Virgin Earth published?
What is the genre of Virgin Earth?
How many pages does Virgin Earth have?
Can you summarize Virgin Earth?
What is The Black Swan (Daw Book Collectors) about?
Who is the author of The Black Swan (Daw Book Collectors)?
When was The Black Swan (Daw Book Collectors) published?
What is the genre of The Black Swan (Daw Book Collectors)?
How many pages does The Black Swan (Daw Book Collectors) have?
Can you summarize The Black Swan (Daw Book Collectors)?
What is The Saving Graces about?
Who is the author of The Saving Graces?
When was The Saving Graces published?
What is the genre of The Saving Graces?
How many pages does The Saving Graces have?
Can you summarize The Saving Graces?
What is The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing about?
Who is the author of The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing?
When was The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing published?
What is the genre of The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing?
How many pages does The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing have?
Can you summarize The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing?
What is Single & Single about?
Who is the author of Single & Single?
When was Single & Single published?
What is the genre of Single & Single?
How many pages does Single & Single have?
Can you summarize Single & Single?
What is Thunderhead about?
Who is the author of Thunderhead?
When was Thunderhead published?
What is the genre of Thunderhead?
How many pages does Thunderhead have?
Can you summarize Thunderhead?
What is Rhapsody  about?
Who is the author of Rhapsody ?
When was Rhapsody  published?
What is the genre of Rhapsody ?
How many pages does Rhapsody  have?
Can you summarize Rhapsody ?
What is Liberty Falling (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Liberty Falling (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
When was Liberty Falling (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Liberty Falling (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
How many pages does Liberty Falling (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Liberty Falling (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
What is I'm a stranger here myself about?
Who is the author of I'm a stranger here myself?
When was I'm a stranger here myself published?
What is the genre of I'm a stranger here myself?
How many pages does I'm a stranger here myself have?
Can you summarize I'm a stranger here myself?
What is "O" is for outlaw about?
Who is the author of "O" is for outlaw?
When was "O" is for outlaw published?
What is the genre of "O" is for outlaw?
How many pages does "O" is for outlaw have?
Can you summarize "O" is for outlaw?
What is I Thee Wed about?
Who is the author of I Thee Wed?
When was I Thee Wed published?
What is the genre of I Thee Wed?
How many pages does I Thee Wed have?
Can you summarize I Thee Wed?
What is Angels & Demons about?
Who is the author of Angels & Demons?
When was Angels & Demons published?
What is the genre of Angels & Demons?
How many pages does Angels & Demons have?
Can you summarize Angels & Demons?
What is A Storm of Swords (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of A Storm of Swords (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 3)?
When was A Storm of Swords (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of A Storm of Swords (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 3)?
How many pages does A Storm of Swords (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize A Storm of Swords (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 3)?
What is The Amber Spyglass (His Dark Materials, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of The Amber Spyglass (His Dark Materials, Book 3)?
When was The Amber Spyglass (His Dark Materials, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of The Amber Spyglass (His Dark Materials, Book 3)?
How many pages does The Amber Spyglass (His Dark Materials, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize The Amber Spyglass (His Dark Materials, Book 3)?
What is The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay about?
Who is the author of The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay?
When was The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay published?
What is the genre of The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay?
How many pages does The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay have?
Can you summarize The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay?
What is Me talk pretty one day about?
Who is the author of Me talk pretty one day?
When was Me talk pretty one day published?
What is the genre of Me talk pretty one day?
How many pages does Me talk pretty one day have?
Can you summarize Me talk pretty one day?
What is On Writing about?
Who is the author of On Writing?
When was On Writing published?
What is the genre of On Writing?
How many pages does On Writing have?
Can you summarize On Writing?
What is Kitchen Confidential Updated Ed about?
Who is the author of Kitchen Confidential Updated Ed?
When was Kitchen Confidential Updated Ed published?
What is the genre of Kitchen Confidential Updated Ed?
How many pages does Kitchen Confidential Updated Ed have?
Can you summarize Kitchen Confidential Updated Ed?
What is The Princess Diaries about?
Who is the author of The Princess Diaries?
When was The Princess Diaries published?
What is the genre of The Princess Diaries?
How many pages does The Princess Diaries have?
Can you summarize The Princess Diaries?
What is Because of Winn-Dixie about?
Who is the author of Because of Winn-Dixie?
When was Because of Winn-Dixie published?
What is the genre of Because of Winn-Dixie?
How many pages does Because of Winn-Dixie have?
Can you summarize Because of Winn-Dixie?
What is The wide window about?
Who is the author of The wide window?
When was The wide window published?
What is the genre of The wide window?
How many pages does The wide window have?
Can you summarize The wide window?
What is Storm Front about?
Who is the author of Storm Front?
When was Storm Front published?
What is the genre of Storm Front?
How many pages does Storm Front have?
Can you summarize Storm Front?
What is A Heartbreaking work of Staggering Genius about?
Who is the author of A Heartbreaking work of Staggering Genius?
When was A Heartbreaking work of Staggering Genius published?
What is the genre of A Heartbreaking work of Staggering Genius?
How many pages does A Heartbreaking work of Staggering Genius have?
Can you summarize A Heartbreaking work of Staggering Genius?
What is Stargirl about?
Who is the author of Stargirl?
When was Stargirl published?
What is the genre of Stargirl?
How many pages does Stargirl have?
Can you summarize Stargirl?
What is Prodigal Summer about?
Who is the author of Prodigal Summer?
When was Prodigal Summer published?
What is the genre of Prodigal Summer?
How many pages does Prodigal Summer have?
Can you summarize Prodigal Summer?
What is The Truth about?
Who is the author of The Truth?
When was The Truth published?
What is the genre of The Truth?
How many pages does The Truth have?
Can you summarize The Truth?
What is White Teeth about?
Who is the author of White Teeth?
When was White Teeth published?
What is the genre of White Teeth?
How many pages does White Teeth have?
Can you summarize White Teeth?
What is The Miserable Mill - Book 4 of A Series of Unfortunate Events about?
Who is the author of The Miserable Mill - Book 4 of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
When was The Miserable Mill - Book 4 of A Series of Unfortunate Events published?
What is the genre of The Miserable Mill - Book 4 of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
How many pages does The Miserable Mill - Book 4 of A Series of Unfortunate Events have?
Can you summarize The Miserable Mill - Book 4 of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
What is Hot Six about?
Who is the author of Hot Six?
When was Hot Six published?
What is the genre of Hot Six?
How many pages does Hot Six have?
Can you summarize Hot Six?
What is Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9) about?
Who is the author of Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9)?
When was Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9) published?
What is the genre of Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9)?
How many pages does Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9) have?
Can you summarize Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, Book 9)?
What is Deadhouse gates about?
Who is the author of Deadhouse gates?
When was Deadhouse gates published?
What is the genre of Deadhouse gates?
How many pages does Deadhouse gates have?
Can you summarize Deadhouse gates?
What is Perdido Street Station about?
Who is the author of Perdido Street Station?
When was Perdido Street Station published?
What is the genre of Perdido Street Station?
How many pages does Perdido Street Station have?
Can you summarize Perdido Street Station?
What is Baudolino about?
Who is the author of Baudolino?
When was Baudolino published?
What is the genre of Baudolino?
How many pages does Baudolino have?
Can you summarize Baudolino?
What is In a sunburned country about?
Who is the author of In a sunburned country?
When was In a sunburned country published?
What is the genre of In a sunburned country?
How many pages does In a sunburned country have?
Can you summarize In a sunburned country?
What is The Queen of Attolia about?
Who is the author of The Queen of Attolia?
When was The Queen of Attolia published?
What is the genre of The Queen of Attolia?
How many pages does The Queen of Attolia have?
Can you summarize The Queen of Attolia?
What is Deadly décisions about?
Who is the author of Deadly décisions?
When was Deadly décisions published?
What is the genre of Deadly décisions?
How many pages does Deadly décisions have?
Can you summarize Deadly décisions?
What is Shadowland (The Mediator, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Shadowland (The Mediator, Book 1)?
When was Shadowland (The Mediator, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Shadowland (The Mediator, Book 1)?
How many pages does Shadowland (The Mediator, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Shadowland (The Mediator, Book 1)?
What is A Darkness More Than Night about?
Who is the author of A Darkness More Than Night?
When was A Darkness More Than Night published?
What is the genre of A Darkness More Than Night?
How many pages does A Darkness More Than Night have?
Can you summarize A Darkness More Than Night?
What is The Brethren about?
Who is the author of The Brethren?
When was The Brethren published?
What is the genre of The Brethren?
How many pages does The Brethren have?
Can you summarize The Brethren?
What is True History of the Kelly Gang about?
Who is the author of True History of the Kelly Gang?
When was True History of the Kelly Gang published?
What is the genre of True History of the Kelly Gang?
How many pages does True History of the Kelly Gang have?
Can you summarize True History of the Kelly Gang?
What is The Austere Academy (A Series of Unfortunate Events #5) about?
Who is the author of The Austere Academy (A Series of Unfortunate Events #5)?
When was The Austere Academy (A Series of Unfortunate Events #5) published?
What is the genre of The Austere Academy (A Series of Unfortunate Events #5)?
How many pages does The Austere Academy (A Series of Unfortunate Events #5) have?
Can you summarize The Austere Academy (A Series of Unfortunate Events #5)?
What is Fever 1793 about?
Who is the author of Fever 1793?
When was Fever 1793 published?
What is the genre of Fever 1793?
How many pages does Fever 1793 have?
Can you summarize Fever 1793?
What is Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress about?
Who is the author of Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress?
When was Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress published?
What is the genre of Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress?
How many pages does Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress have?
Can you summarize Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress?
What is Spindle's End about?
Who is the author of Spindle's End?
When was Spindle's End published?
What is the genre of Spindle's End?
How many pages does Spindle's End have?
Can you summarize Spindle's End?
What is Stormbreaker (Alex Rider Adventure) about?
Who is the author of Stormbreaker (Alex Rider Adventure)?
When was Stormbreaker (Alex Rider Adventure) published?
What is the genre of Stormbreaker (Alex Rider Adventure)?
How many pages does Stormbreaker (Alex Rider Adventure) have?
Can you summarize Stormbreaker (Alex Rider Adventure)?
What is Gathering blue about?
Who is the author of Gathering blue?
When was Gathering blue published?
What is the genre of Gathering blue?
How many pages does Gathering blue have?
Can you summarize Gathering blue?
What is Flags of Our Fathers about?
Who is the author of Flags of Our Fathers?
When was Flags of Our Fathers published?
What is the genre of Flags of Our Fathers?
How many pages does Flags of Our Fathers have?
Can you summarize Flags of Our Fathers?
What is The Year of the Griffin (Gollancz) about?
Who is the author of The Year of the Griffin (Gollancz)?
When was The Year of the Griffin (Gollancz) published?
What is the genre of The Year of the Griffin (Gollancz)?
How many pages does The Year of the Griffin (Gollancz) have?
Can you summarize The Year of the Griffin (Gollancz)?
What is Mixed magics about?
Who is the author of Mixed magics?
When was Mixed magics published?
What is the genre of Mixed magics?
How many pages does Mixed magics have?
Can you summarize Mixed magics?
What is Plain Truth about?
Who is the author of Plain Truth?
When was Plain Truth published?
What is the genre of Plain Truth?
How many pages does Plain Truth have?
Can you summarize Plain Truth?
What is esperansa rising about?
Who is the author of esperansa rising?
When was esperansa rising published?
What is the genre of esperansa rising?
How many pages does esperansa rising have?
Can you summarize esperansa rising?
What is Judgment in Death (In Death) about?
Who is the author of Judgment in Death (In Death)?
When was Judgment in Death (In Death) published?
What is the genre of Judgment in Death (In Death)?
How many pages does Judgment in Death (In Death) have?
Can you summarize Judgment in Death (In Death)?
What is The Redbreast about?
Who is the author of The Redbreast?
When was The Redbreast published?
What is the genre of The Redbreast?
How many pages does The Redbreast have?
Can you summarize The Redbreast?
What is Open House about?
Who is the author of Open House?
When was Open House published?
What is the genre of Open House?
How many pages does Open House have?
Can you summarize Open House?
What is Look to windward about?
Who is the author of Look to windward?
When was Look to windward published?
What is the genre of Look to windward?
How many pages does Look to windward have?
Can you summarize Look to windward?
What is Founding Brothers about?
Who is the author of Founding Brothers?
When was Founding Brothers published?
What is the genre of Founding Brothers?
How many pages does Founding Brothers have?
Can you summarize Founding Brothers?
What is Scarlet Feather about?
Who is the author of Scarlet Feather?
When was Scarlet Feather published?
What is the genre of Scarlet Feather?
How many pages does Scarlet Feather have?
Can you summarize Scarlet Feather?
What is When We Were Orphans about?
Who is the author of When We Were Orphans?
When was When We Were Orphans published?
What is the genre of When We Were Orphans?
How many pages does When We Were Orphans have?
Can you summarize When We Were Orphans?
What is Anil's Ghost about?
Who is the author of Anil's Ghost?
When was Anil's Ghost published?
What is the genre of Anil's Ghost?
How many pages does Anil's Ghost have?
Can you summarize Anil's Ghost?
What is Magic Steps (The Circle Opens, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Magic Steps (The Circle Opens, Book 1)?
When was Magic Steps (The Circle Opens, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Magic Steps (The Circle Opens, Book 1)?
How many pages does Magic Steps (The Circle Opens, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Magic Steps (The Circle Opens, Book 1)?
What is The empty chair about?
Who is the author of The empty chair?
When was The empty chair published?
What is the genre of The empty chair?
How many pages does The empty chair have?
Can you summarize The empty chair?
What is The Measure of a Man about?
Who is the author of The Measure of a Man?
When was The Measure of a Man published?
What is the genre of The Measure of a Man?
How many pages does The Measure of a Man have?
Can you summarize The Measure of a Man?
What is Olivia about?
Who is the author of Olivia?
When was Olivia published?
What is the genre of Olivia?
How many pages does Olivia have?
Can you summarize Olivia?
What is Witness in Death about?
Who is the author of Witness in Death?
When was Witness in Death published?
What is the genre of Witness in Death?
How many pages does Witness in Death have?
Can you summarize Witness in Death?
What is The thief lord about?
Who is the author of The thief lord?
When was The thief lord published?
What is the genre of The thief lord?
How many pages does The thief lord have?
Can you summarize The thief lord?
What is The Glass Palace about?
Who is the author of The Glass Palace?
When was The Glass Palace published?
What is the genre of The Glass Palace?
How many pages does The Glass Palace have?
Can you summarize The Glass Palace?
What is First They Killed My Father about?
Who is the author of First They Killed My Father?
When was First They Killed My Father published?
What is the genre of First They Killed My Father?
How many pages does First They Killed My Father have?
Can you summarize First They Killed My Father?
What is Winter Solstice about?
Who is the author of Winter Solstice?
When was Winter Solstice published?
What is the genre of Winter Solstice?
How many pages does Winter Solstice have?
Can you summarize Winter Solstice?
What is Deep South about?
Who is the author of Deep South?
When was Deep South published?
What is the genre of Deep South?
How many pages does Deep South have?
Can you summarize Deep South?
What is Wish You Well about?
Who is the author of Wish You Well?
When was Wish You Well published?
What is the genre of Wish You Well?
How many pages does Wish You Well have?
Can you summarize Wish You Well?
What is Mr. Perfect about?
Who is the author of Mr. Perfect?
When was Mr. Perfect published?
What is the genre of Mr. Perfect?
How many pages does Mr. Perfect have?
Can you summarize Mr. Perfect?
What is The Duke and I about?
Who is the author of The Duke and I?
When was The Duke and I published?
What is the genre of The Duke and I?
How many pages does The Duke and I have?
Can you summarize The Duke and I?
What is How to train your dragon about?
Who is the author of How to train your dragon?
When was How to train your dragon published?
What is the genre of How to train your dragon?
How many pages does How to train your dragon have?
Can you summarize How to train your dragon?
What is Blonde about?
Who is the author of Blonde?
When was Blonde published?
What is the genre of Blonde?
How many pages does Blonde have?
Can you summarize Blonde?
What is In pursuit of the proper sinner about?
Who is the author of In pursuit of the proper sinner?
When was In pursuit of the proper sinner published?
What is the genre of In pursuit of the proper sinner?
How many pages does In pursuit of the proper sinner have?
Can you summarize In pursuit of the proper sinner?
What is Carolina Moon about?
Who is the author of Carolina Moon?
When was Carolina Moon published?
What is the genre of Carolina Moon?
How many pages does Carolina Moon have?
Can you summarize Carolina Moon?
What is Shadow of the Hegemon about?
Who is the author of Shadow of the Hegemon?
When was Shadow of the Hegemon published?
What is the genre of Shadow of the Hegemon?
How many pages does Shadow of the Hegemon have?
Can you summarize Shadow of the Hegemon?
What is A year down yonder about?
Who is the author of A year down yonder?
When was A year down yonder published?
What is the genre of A year down yonder?
How many pages does A year down yonder have?
Can you summarize A year down yonder?
What is His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass) about?
Who is the author of His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass)?
When was His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass) published?
What is the genre of His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass)?
How many pages does His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass) have?
Can you summarize His Dark Materials Trilogy (The Golden Compass; The Subtle Knife; The Amber Spyglass)?
What is Easy Prey about?
Who is the author of Easy Prey?
When was Easy Prey published?
What is the genre of Easy Prey?
How many pages does Easy Prey have?
Can you summarize Easy Prey?
What is The last precinct about?
Who is the author of The last precinct?
When was The last precinct published?
What is the genre of The last precinct?
How many pages does The last precinct have?
Can you summarize The last precinct?
What is The Feast of the Goat about?
Who is the author of The Feast of the Goat?
When was The Feast of the Goat published?
What is the genre of The Feast of the Goat?
How many pages does The Feast of the Goat have?
Can you summarize The Feast of the Goat?
What is Lord Brocktree about?
Who is the author of Lord Brocktree?
When was Lord Brocktree published?
What is the genre of Lord Brocktree?
How many pages does Lord Brocktree have?
Can you summarize Lord Brocktree?
What is The Beatles Anthology about?
Who is the author of The Beatles Anthology?
When was The Beatles Anthology published?
What is the genre of The Beatles Anthology?
How many pages does The Beatles Anthology have?
Can you summarize The Beatles Anthology?
What is Ravelstein about?
Who is the author of Ravelstein?
When was Ravelstein published?
What is the genre of Ravelstein?
How many pages does Ravelstein have?
Can you summarize Ravelstein?
What is The Red Tree about?
Who is the author of The Red Tree?
When was The Red Tree published?
What is the genre of The Red Tree?
How many pages does The Red Tree have?
Can you summarize The Red Tree?
What is Running blind about?
Who is the author of Running blind?
When was Running blind published?
What is the genre of Running blind?
How many pages does Running blind have?
Can you summarize Running blind?
What is Proof about?
Who is the author of Proof?
When was Proof published?
What is the genre of Proof?
How many pages does Proof have?
Can you summarize Proof?
What is Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror) about?
Who is the author of Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror)?
When was Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror) published?
What is the genre of Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror)?
How many pages does Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror) have?
Can you summarize Boundary Waters (Mysteries & Horror)?
What is Confessions of a Shopaholic about?
Who is the author of Confessions of a Shopaholic?
When was Confessions of a Shopaholic published?
What is the genre of Confessions of a Shopaholic?
How many pages does Confessions of a Shopaholic have?
Can you summarize Confessions of a Shopaholic?
What is Bee Season about?
Who is the author of Bee Season?
When was Bee Season published?
What is the genre of Bee Season?
How many pages does Bee Season have?
Can you summarize Bee Season?
What is First lady about?
Who is the author of First lady?
When was First lady published?
What is the genre of First lady?
How many pages does First lady have?
Can you summarize First lady?
What is Set in Darkness about?
Who is the author of Set in Darkness?
When was Set in Darkness published?
What is the genre of Set in Darkness?
How many pages does Set in Darkness have?
Can you summarize Set in Darkness?
What is "P" is for Peril about?
Who is the author of "P" is for Peril?
When was "P" is for Peril published?
What is the genre of "P" is for Peril?
How many pages does "P" is for Peril have?
Can you summarize "P" is for Peril?
What is Civil War on Sunday about?
Who is the author of Civil War on Sunday?
When was Civil War on Sunday published?
What is the genre of Civil War on Sunday?
How many pages does Civil War on Sunday have?
Can you summarize Civil War on Sunday?
What is Revelation space about?
Who is the author of Revelation space?
When was Revelation space published?
What is the genre of Revelation space?
How many pages does Revelation space have?
Can you summarize Revelation space?
What is The Bronze Horseman about?
Who is the author of The Bronze Horseman?
When was The Bronze Horseman published?
What is the genre of The Bronze Horseman?
How many pages does The Bronze Horseman have?
Can you summarize The Bronze Horseman?
What is Tough cookie about?
Who is the author of Tough cookie?
When was Tough cookie published?
What is the genre of Tough cookie?
How many pages does Tough cookie have?
Can you summarize Tough cookie?
What is Obsidian Butterfly (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 9) about?
Who is the author of Obsidian Butterfly (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 9)?
When was Obsidian Butterfly (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 9) published?
What is the genre of Obsidian Butterfly (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 9)?
How many pages does Obsidian Butterfly (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 9) have?
Can you summarize Obsidian Butterfly (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 9)?
What is London about?
Who is the author of London?
When was London published?
What is the genre of London?
How many pages does London have?
Can you summarize London?
What is Atonement about?
Who is the author of Atonement?
When was Atonement published?
What is the genre of Atonement?
How many pages does Atonement have?
Can you summarize Atonement?
What is LIFE OF PI about?
Who is the author of LIFE OF PI?
When was LIFE OF PI published?
What is the genre of LIFE OF PI?
How many pages does LIFE OF PI have?
Can you summarize LIFE OF PI?
What is Dead Until Dark (Sookie Stackhouse, #1) about?
Who is the author of Dead Until Dark (Sookie Stackhouse, #1)?
When was Dead Until Dark (Sookie Stackhouse, #1) published?
What is the genre of Dead Until Dark (Sookie Stackhouse, #1)?
How many pages does Dead Until Dark (Sookie Stackhouse, #1) have?
Can you summarize Dead Until Dark (Sookie Stackhouse, #1)?
What is John Adams about?
Who is the author of John Adams?
When was John Adams published?
What is the genre of John Adams?
How many pages does John Adams have?
Can you summarize John Adams?
What is The Eyre Affair about?
Who is the author of The Eyre Affair?
When was The Eyre Affair published?
What is the genre of The Eyre Affair?
How many pages does The Eyre Affair have?
Can you summarize The Eyre Affair?
What is Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them about?
Who is the author of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
When was Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them published?
What is the genre of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
How many pages does Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them have?
Can you summarize Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
What is Quidditch Through the Ages about?
Who is the author of Quidditch Through the Ages?
When was Quidditch Through the Ages published?
What is the genre of Quidditch Through the Ages?
How many pages does Quidditch Through the Ages have?
Can you summarize Quidditch Through the Ages?
What is The sisterhood of the traveling pants about?
Who is the author of The sisterhood of the traveling pants?
When was The sisterhood of the traveling pants published?
What is the genre of The sisterhood of the traveling pants?
How many pages does The sisterhood of the traveling pants have?
Can you summarize The sisterhood of the traveling pants?
What is Mystic river about?
Who is the author of Mystic river?
When was Mystic river published?
What is the genre of Mystic river?
How many pages does Mystic river have?
Can you summarize Mystic river?
What is The Bonesetter's Daughter about?
Who is the author of The Bonesetter's Daughter?
When was The Bonesetter's Daughter published?
What is the genre of The Bonesetter's Daughter?
How many pages does The Bonesetter's Daughter have?
Can you summarize The Bonesetter's Daughter?
What is Nickel and Dimed about?
Who is the author of Nickel and Dimed?
When was Nickel and Dimed published?
What is the genre of Nickel and Dimed?
How many pages does Nickel and Dimed have?
Can you summarize Nickel and Dimed?
What is The Corrections about?
Who is the author of The Corrections?
When was The Corrections published?
What is the genre of The Corrections?
How many pages does The Corrections have?
Can you summarize The Corrections?
What is The  secret life of bees about?
Who is the author of The  secret life of bees?
When was The  secret life of bees published?
What is the genre of The  secret life of bees?
How many pages does The  secret life of bees have?
Can you summarize The  secret life of bees?
What is Kushiel's dart about?
Who is the author of Kushiel's dart?
When was Kushiel's dart published?
What is the genre of Kushiel's dart?
How many pages does Kushiel's dart have?
Can you summarize Kushiel's dart?
What is Seabiscuit. about?
Who is the author of Seabiscuit.?
When was Seabiscuit. published?
What is the genre of Seabiscuit.?
How many pages does Seabiscuit. have?
Can you summarize Seabiscuit.?
What is Freakonomics about?
Who is the author of Freakonomics?
When was Freakonomics published?
What is the genre of Freakonomics?
How many pages does Freakonomics have?
Can you summarize Freakonomics?
What is Deception Point about?
Who is the author of Deception Point?
When was Deception Point published?
What is the genre of Deception Point?
How many pages does Deception Point have?
Can you summarize Deception Point?
What is The amazing Maurice and his educated rodents about?
Who is the author of The amazing Maurice and his educated rodents?
When was The amazing Maurice and his educated rodents published?
What is the genre of The amazing Maurice and his educated rodents?
How many pages does The amazing Maurice and his educated rodents have?
Can you summarize The amazing Maurice and his educated rodents?
What is The Tale of Despereaux about?
Who is the author of The Tale of Despereaux?
When was The Tale of Despereaux published?
What is the genre of The Tale of Despereaux?
How many pages does The Tale of Despereaux have?
Can you summarize The Tale of Despereaux?
What is Fatal Voyage about?
Who is the author of Fatal Voyage?
When was Fatal Voyage published?
What is the genre of Fatal Voyage?
How many pages does Fatal Voyage have?
Can you summarize Fatal Voyage?
What is Year of Wonders about?
Who is the author of Year of Wonders?
When was Year of Wonders published?
What is the genre of Year of Wonders?
How many pages does Year of Wonders have?
Can you summarize Year of Wonders?
What is Fast Food Nation about?
Who is the author of Fast Food Nation?
When was Fast Food Nation published?
What is the genre of Fast Food Nation?
How many pages does Fast Food Nation have?
Can you summarize Fast Food Nation?
What is Grave Peril about?
Who is the author of Grave Peril?
When was Grave Peril published?
What is the genre of Grave Peril?
How many pages does Grave Peril have?
Can you summarize Grave Peril?
What is Dreamcatcher about?
Who is the author of Dreamcatcher?
When was Dreamcatcher published?
What is the genre of Dreamcatcher?
How many pages does Dreamcatcher have?
Can you summarize Dreamcatcher?
What is Bitten about?
Who is the author of Bitten?
When was Bitten published?
What is the genre of Bitten?
How many pages does Bitten have?
Can you summarize Bitten?
What is The Fiery Cross about?
Who is the author of The Fiery Cross?
When was The Fiery Cross published?
What is the genre of The Fiery Cross?
How many pages does The Fiery Cross have?
Can you summarize The Fiery Cross?
What is Princess in the Spotlight about?
Who is the author of Princess in the Spotlight?
When was Princess in the Spotlight published?
What is the genre of Princess in the Spotlight?
How many pages does Princess in the Spotlight have?
Can you summarize Princess in the Spotlight?
What is Peace Like a River about?
Who is the author of Peace Like a River?
When was Peace Like a River published?
What is the genre of Peace Like a River?
How many pages does Peace Like a River have?
Can you summarize Peace Like a River?
What is Tell no one about?
Who is the author of Tell no one?
When was Tell no one published?
What is the genre of Tell no one?
How many pages does Tell no one have?
Can you summarize Tell no one?
What is The Curse of Chalion about?
Who is the author of The Curse of Chalion?
When was The Curse of Chalion published?
What is the genre of The Curse of Chalion?
How many pages does The Curse of Chalion have?
Can you summarize The Curse of Chalion?
What is The Ersatz Elevator (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 6) about?
Who is the author of The Ersatz Elevator (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 6)?
When was The Ersatz Elevator (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 6) published?
What is the genre of The Ersatz Elevator (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 6)?
How many pages does The Ersatz Elevator (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 6) have?
Can you summarize The Ersatz Elevator (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 6)?
What is Heaven and Earth (Three Sisters Island Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Heaven and Earth (Three Sisters Island Trilogy)?
When was Heaven and Earth (Three Sisters Island Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Heaven and Earth (Three Sisters Island Trilogy)?
How many pages does Heaven and Earth (Three Sisters Island Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Heaven and Earth (Three Sisters Island Trilogy)?
What is Skipping Christmas about?
Who is the author of Skipping Christmas?
When was Skipping Christmas published?
What is the genre of Skipping Christmas?
How many pages does Skipping Christmas have?
Can you summarize Skipping Christmas?
What is Empire falls about?
Who is the author of Empire falls?
When was Empire falls published?
What is the genre of Empire falls?
How many pages does Empire falls have?
Can you summarize Empire falls?
What is Death in holy orders about?
Who is the author of Death in holy orders?
When was Death in holy orders published?
What is the genre of Death in holy orders?
How many pages does Death in holy orders have?
Can you summarize Death in holy orders?
What is The Constant Gardener about?
Who is the author of The Constant Gardener?
When was The Constant Gardener published?
What is the genre of The Constant Gardener?
How many pages does The Constant Gardener have?
Can you summarize The Constant Gardener?
What is 1st to Die about?
Who is the author of 1st to Die?
When was 1st to Die published?
What is the genre of 1st to Die?
How many pages does 1st to Die have?
Can you summarize 1st to Die?
What is The Universe in a Nutshell about?
Who is the author of The Universe in a Nutshell?
When was The Universe in a Nutshell published?
What is the genre of The Universe in a Nutshell?
How many pages does The Universe in a Nutshell have?
Can you summarize The Universe in a Nutshell?
What is Room on the Broom about?
Who is the author of Room on the Broom?
When was Room on the Broom published?
What is the genre of Room on the Broom?
How many pages does Room on the Broom have?
Can you summarize Room on the Broom?
What is Ninth Key (The Mediator, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Ninth Key (The Mediator, Book 2)?
When was Ninth Key (The Mediator, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Ninth Key (The Mediator, Book 2)?
How many pages does Ninth Key (The Mediator, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Ninth Key (The Mediator, Book 2)?
What is Thief of time about?
Who is the author of Thief of time?
When was Thief of time published?
What is the genre of Thief of time?
How many pages does Thief of time have?
Can you summarize Thief of time?
What is The Vile Village (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 7) about?
Who is the author of The Vile Village (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 7)?
When was The Vile Village (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 7) published?
What is the genre of The Vile Village (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 7)?
How many pages does The Vile Village (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 7) have?
Can you summarize The Vile Village (A Series of Unfortunate Events, Book 7)?
What is BLINDSIGHTED about?
Who is the author of BLINDSIGHTED?
When was BLINDSIGHTED published?
What is the genre of BLINDSIGHTED?
How many pages does BLINDSIGHTED have?
Can you summarize BLINDSIGHTED?
What is Reunion (The Mediator, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Reunion (The Mediator, Book 3)?
When was Reunion (The Mediator, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Reunion (The Mediator, Book 3)?
How many pages does Reunion (The Mediator, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Reunion (The Mediator, Book 3)?
What is A Cook's Tour about?
Who is the author of A Cook's Tour?
When was A Cook's Tour published?
What is the genre of A Cook's Tour?
How many pages does A Cook's Tour have?
Can you summarize A Cook's Tour?
What is Back When We Were Grownups about?
Who is the author of Back When We Were Grownups?
When was Back When We Were Grownups published?
What is the genre of Back When We Were Grownups?
How many pages does Back When We Were Grownups have?
Can you summarize Back When We Were Grownups?
What is Dance Upon the Air (Three Sisters Island Trilogy) about?
Who is the author of Dance Upon the Air (Three Sisters Island Trilogy)?
When was Dance Upon the Air (Three Sisters Island Trilogy) published?
What is the genre of Dance Upon the Air (Three Sisters Island Trilogy)?
How many pages does Dance Upon the Air (Three Sisters Island Trilogy) have?
Can you summarize Dance Upon the Air (Three Sisters Island Trilogy)?
What is Whale talk about?
Who is the author of Whale talk?
When was Whale talk published?
What is the genre of Whale talk?
How many pages does Whale talk have?
Can you summarize Whale talk?
What is Ella Minnow Pea about?
Who is the author of Ella Minnow Pea?
When was Ella Minnow Pea published?
What is the genre of Ella Minnow Pea?
How many pages does Ella Minnow Pea have?
Can you summarize Ella Minnow Pea?
What is Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return (Persepolis #3-4) about?
Who is the author of Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return (Persepolis #3-4)?
When was Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return (Persepolis #3-4) published?
What is the genre of Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return (Persepolis #3-4)?
How many pages does Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return (Persepolis #3-4) have?
Can you summarize Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return (Persepolis #3-4)?
What is Lirael about?
Who is the author of Lirael?
When was Lirael published?
What is the genre of Lirael?
How many pages does Lirael have?
Can you summarize Lirael?
What is The Hostile Hospital about?
Who is the author of The Hostile Hospital?
When was The Hostile Hospital published?
What is the genre of The Hostile Hospital?
How many pages does The Hostile Hospital have?
Can you summarize The Hostile Hospital?
What is Fury about?
Who is the author of Fury?
When was Fury published?
What is the genre of Fury?
How many pages does Fury have?
Can you summarize Fury?
What is Grave Sight (Harper Connelly Mysteries, No. 1) about?
Who is the author of Grave Sight (Harper Connelly Mysteries, No. 1)?
When was Grave Sight (Harper Connelly Mysteries, No. 1) published?
What is the genre of Grave Sight (Harper Connelly Mysteries, No. 1)?
How many pages does Grave Sight (Harper Connelly Mysteries, No. 1) have?
Can you summarize Grave Sight (Harper Connelly Mysteries, No. 1)?
What is Falling angels about?
Who is the author of Falling angels?
When was Falling angels published?
What is the genre of Falling angels?
How many pages does Falling angels have?
Can you summarize Falling angels?
What is Take a Thief about?
Who is the author of Take a Thief?
When was Take a Thief published?
What is the genre of Take a Thief?
How many pages does Take a Thief have?
Can you summarize Take a Thief?
What is The Last Samurai about?
Who is the author of The Last Samurai?
When was The Last Samurai published?
What is the genre of The Last Samurai?
How many pages does The Last Samurai have?
Can you summarize The Last Samurai?
What is Number9Dream about?
Who is the author of Number9Dream?
When was Number9Dream published?
What is the genre of Number9Dream?
How many pages does Number9Dream have?
Can you summarize Number9Dream?
What is Squire about?
Who is the author of Squire?
When was Squire published?
What is the genre of Squire?
How many pages does Squire have?
Can you summarize Squire?
What is A Painted House about?
Who is the author of A Painted House?
When was A Painted House published?
What is the genre of A Painted House?
How many pages does A Painted House have?
Can you summarize A Painted House?
What is Animals in translation about?
Who is the author of Animals in translation?
When was Animals in translation published?
What is the genre of Animals in translation?
How many pages does Animals in translation have?
Can you summarize Animals in translation?
What is Marie Antoinette about?
Who is the author of Marie Antoinette?
When was Marie Antoinette published?
What is the genre of Marie Antoinette?
How many pages does Marie Antoinette have?
Can you summarize Marie Antoinette?
What is A traitor to memory about?
Who is the author of A traitor to memory?
When was A traitor to memory published?
What is the genre of A traitor to memory?
How many pages does A traitor to memory have?
Can you summarize A traitor to memory?
What is Austerlitz about?
Who is the author of Austerlitz?
When was Austerlitz published?
What is the genre of Austerlitz?
How many pages does Austerlitz have?
Can you summarize Austerlitz?
What is Jackdaws about?
Who is the author of Jackdaws?
When was Jackdaws published?
What is the genre of Jackdaws?
How many pages does Jackdaws have?
Can you summarize Jackdaws?
What is Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage about?
Who is the author of Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage?
When was Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage published?
What is the genre of Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage?
How many pages does Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage have?
Can you summarize Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage?
What is Theodore Rex about?
Who is the author of Theodore Rex?
When was Theodore Rex published?
What is the genre of Theodore Rex?
How many pages does Theodore Rex have?
Can you summarize Theodore Rex?
What is Flipped about?
Who is the author of Flipped?
When was Flipped published?
What is the genre of Flipped?
How many pages does Flipped have?
Can you summarize Flipped?
What is The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2) about?
Who is the author of The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2)?
When was The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2) published?
What is the genre of The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2)?
How many pages does The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2) have?
Can you summarize The Gates of Sleep  (Elemental Masters #2)?
What is New And Collected Poems 19312001 about?
Who is the author of New And Collected Poems 19312001?
When was New And Collected Poems 19312001 published?
What is the genre of New And Collected Poems 19312001?
How many pages does New And Collected Poems 19312001 have?
Can you summarize New And Collected Poems 19312001?
What is CARTER BEATS THE DEVIL about?
Who is the author of CARTER BEATS THE DEVIL?
When was CARTER BEATS THE DEVIL published?
What is the genre of CARTER BEATS THE DEVIL?
How many pages does CARTER BEATS THE DEVIL have?
Can you summarize CARTER BEATS THE DEVIL?
What is Betrayal in death about?
Who is the author of Betrayal in death?
When was Betrayal in death published?
What is the genre of Betrayal in death?
How many pages does Betrayal in death have?
Can you summarize Betrayal in death?
What is Blood lure about?
Who is the author of Blood lure?
When was Blood lure published?
What is the genre of Blood lure?
How many pages does Blood lure have?
Can you summarize Blood lure?
What is Seduction in Death about?
Who is the author of Seduction in Death?
When was Seduction in Death published?
What is the genre of Seduction in Death?
How many pages does Seduction in Death have?
Can you summarize Seduction in Death?
What is Typhoid Mary about?
Who is the author of Typhoid Mary?
When was Typhoid Mary published?
What is the genre of Typhoid Mary?
How many pages does Typhoid Mary have?
Can you summarize Typhoid Mary?
What is The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Vol. 1 about?
Who is the author of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Vol. 1?
When was The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Vol. 1 published?
What is the genre of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Vol. 1?
How many pages does The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Vol. 1 have?
Can you summarize The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Vol. 1?
What is Good in Bed about?
Who is the author of Good in Bed?
When was Good in Bed published?
What is the genre of Good in Bed?
How many pages does Good in Bed have?
Can you summarize Good in Bed?
What is Fool Moon about?
Who is the author of Fool Moon?
When was Fool Moon published?
What is the genre of Fool Moon?
How many pages does Fool Moon have?
Can you summarize Fool Moon?
What is Passage about?
Who is the author of Passage?
When was Passage published?
What is the genre of Passage?
How many pages does Passage have?
Can you summarize Passage?
What is The Good German about?
Who is the author of The Good German?
When was The Good German published?
What is the genre of The Good German?
How many pages does The Good German have?
Can you summarize The Good German?
What is Napalm & silly putty about?
Who is the author of Napalm & silly putty?
When was Napalm & silly putty published?
What is the genre of Napalm & silly putty?
How many pages does Napalm & silly putty have?
Can you summarize Napalm & silly putty?
What is Choke about?
Who is the author of Choke?
When was Choke published?
What is the genre of Choke?
How many pages does Choke have?
Can you summarize Choke?
What is The Onion Girl (Newford) about?
Who is the author of The Onion Girl (Newford)?
When was The Onion Girl (Newford) published?
What is the genre of The Onion Girl (Newford)?
How many pages does The Onion Girl (Newford) have?
Can you summarize The Onion Girl (Newford)?
What is Taggerung (Redwall, Book 14) about?
Who is the author of Taggerung (Redwall, Book 14)?
When was Taggerung (Redwall, Book 14) published?
What is the genre of Taggerung (Redwall, Book 14)?
How many pages does Taggerung (Redwall, Book 14) have?
Can you summarize Taggerung (Redwall, Book 14)?
What is Nothing Like It In the World  about?
Who is the author of Nothing Like It In the World ?
When was Nothing Like It In the World  published?
What is the genre of Nothing Like It In the World ?
How many pages does Nothing Like It In the World  have?
Can you summarize Nothing Like It In the World ?
What is Apricots on the Nile about?
Who is the author of Apricots on the Nile?
When was Apricots on the Nile published?
What is the genre of Apricots on the Nile?
How many pages does Apricots on the Nile have?
Can you summarize Apricots on the Nile?
What is Proof about?
Who is the author of Proof?
When was Proof published?
What is the genre of Proof?
How many pages does Proof have?
Can you summarize Proof?
What is The Sigma Protocol about?
Who is the author of The Sigma Protocol?
When was The Sigma Protocol published?
What is the genre of The Sigma Protocol?
How many pages does The Sigma Protocol have?
Can you summarize The Sigma Protocol?
What is A theory of relativity about?
Who is the author of A theory of relativity?
When was A theory of relativity published?
What is the genre of A theory of relativity?
How many pages does A theory of relativity have?
Can you summarize A theory of relativity?
What is Charles I about?
Who is the author of Charles I?
When was Charles I published?
What is the genre of Charles I?
How many pages does Charles I have?
Can you summarize Charles I?
What is The Other Wind (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 6) about?
Who is the author of The Other Wind (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 6)?
When was The Other Wind (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 6) published?
What is the genre of The Other Wind (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 6)?
How many pages does The Other Wind (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 6) have?
Can you summarize The Other Wind (The Earthsea Cycle, Book 6)?
What is Coraline about?
Who is the author of Coraline?
When was Coraline published?
What is the genre of Coraline?
How many pages does Coraline have?
Can you summarize Coraline?
What is The  secret life of bees about?
Who is the author of The  secret life of bees?
When was The  secret life of bees published?
What is the genre of The  secret life of bees?
How many pages does The  secret life of bees have?
Can you summarize The  secret life of bees?
What is The lovely bones about?
Who is the author of The lovely bones?
When was The lovely bones published?
What is the genre of The lovely bones?
How many pages does The lovely bones have?
Can you summarize The lovely bones?
What is Eragon about?
Who is the author of Eragon?
When was Eragon published?
What is the genre of Eragon?
How many pages does Eragon have?
Can you summarize Eragon?
What is Middlesex about?
Who is the author of Middlesex?
When was Middlesex published?
What is the genre of Middlesex?
How many pages does Middlesex have?
Can you summarize Middlesex?
What is Living Dead in Dallas (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Living Dead in Dallas (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 2)?
When was Living Dead in Dallas (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Living Dead in Dallas (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 2)?
How many pages does Living Dead in Dallas (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Living Dead in Dallas (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 2)?
What is Kafka on the Shore about?
Who is the author of Kafka on the Shore?
When was Kafka on the Shore published?
What is the genre of Kafka on the Shore?
How many pages does Kafka on the Shore have?
Can you summarize Kafka on the Shore?
What is Lost in a Good Book (Thursday Next Novels) about?
Who is the author of Lost in a Good Book (Thursday Next Novels)?
When was Lost in a Good Book (Thursday Next Novels) published?
What is the genre of Lost in a Good Book (Thursday Next Novels)?
How many pages does Lost in a Good Book (Thursday Next Novels) have?
Can you summarize Lost in a Good Book (Thursday Next Novels)?
What is Lamb about?
Who is the author of Lamb?
When was Lamb published?
What is the genre of Lamb?
How many pages does Lamb have?
Can you summarize Lamb?
What is Devil in the white city about?
Who is the author of Devil in the white city?
When was Devil in the white city published?
What is the genre of Devil in the white city?
How many pages does Devil in the white city have?
Can you summarize Devil in the white city?
What is A Series of Unfortunate Events about?
Who is the author of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
When was A Series of Unfortunate Events published?
What is the genre of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
How many pages does A Series of Unfortunate Events have?
Can you summarize A Series of Unfortunate Events?
What is Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress about?
Who is the author of Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress?
When was Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress published?
What is the genre of Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress?
How many pages does Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress have?
Can you summarize Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress?
What is The Arctic Incident about?
Who is the author of The Arctic Incident?
When was The Arctic Incident published?
What is the genre of The Arctic Incident?
How many pages does The Arctic Incident have?
Can you summarize The Arctic Incident?
What is The Nanny Diaries (Nanny #1) about?
Who is the author of The Nanny Diaries (Nanny #1)?
When was The Nanny Diaries (Nanny #1) published?
What is the genre of The Nanny Diaries (Nanny #1)?
How many pages does The Nanny Diaries (Nanny #1) have?
Can you summarize The Nanny Diaries (Nanny #1)?
What is Night Watch about?
Who is the author of Night Watch?
When was Night Watch published?
What is the genre of Night Watch?
How many pages does Night Watch have?
Can you summarize Night Watch?
What is This Lullaby about?
Who is the author of This Lullaby?
When was This Lullaby published?
What is the genre of This Lullaby?
How many pages does This Lullaby have?
Can you summarize This Lullaby?
What is Summer Knight about?
Who is the author of Summer Knight?
When was Summer Knight published?
What is the genre of Summer Knight?
How many pages does Summer Knight have?
Can you summarize Summer Knight?
What is Fables about?
Who is the author of Fables?
When was Fables published?
What is the genre of Fables?
How many pages does Fables have?
Can you summarize Fables?
What is Prey about?
Who is the author of Prey?
When was Prey published?
What is the genre of Prey?
How many pages does Prey have?
Can you summarize Prey?
What is Running with Scissors about?
Who is the author of Running with Scissors?
When was Running with Scissors published?
What is the genre of Running with Scissors?
How many pages does Running with Scissors have?
Can you summarize Running with Scissors?
What is The little friend about?
Who is the author of The little friend?
When was The little friend published?
What is the genre of The little friend?
How many pages does The little friend have?
Can you summarize The little friend?
What is City of Bones (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of City of Bones (Harry Bosch)?
When was City of Bones (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of City of Bones (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does City of Bones (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize City of Bones (Harry Bosch)?
What is Kushiel's Chosen (Kushiel's Legacy) about?
Who is the author of Kushiel's Chosen (Kushiel's Legacy)?
When was Kushiel's Chosen (Kushiel's Legacy) published?
What is the genre of Kushiel's Chosen (Kushiel's Legacy)?
How many pages does Kushiel's Chosen (Kushiel's Legacy) have?
Can you summarize Kushiel's Chosen (Kushiel's Legacy)?
What is Grave secrets about?
Who is the author of Grave secrets?
When was Grave secrets published?
What is the genre of Grave secrets?
How many pages does Grave secrets have?
Can you summarize Grave secrets?
What is Altered Carbon about?
Who is the author of Altered Carbon?
When was Altered Carbon published?
What is the genre of Altered Carbon?
How many pages does Altered Carbon have?
Can you summarize Altered Carbon?
What is The bookseller of Kabul about?
Who is the author of The bookseller of Kabul?
When was The bookseller of Kabul published?
What is the genre of The bookseller of Kabul?
How many pages does The bookseller of Kabul have?
Can you summarize The bookseller of Kabul?
What is princess diaries, volume iii (Princess Diaries) about?
Who is the author of princess diaries, volume iii (Princess Diaries)?
When was princess diaries, volume iii (Princess Diaries) published?
What is the genre of princess diaries, volume iii (Princess Diaries)?
How many pages does princess diaries, volume iii (Princess Diaries) have?
Can you summarize princess diaries, volume iii (Princess Diaries)?
What is The crimson petal and the white about?
Who is the author of The crimson petal and the white?
When was The crimson petal and the white published?
What is the genre of The crimson petal and the white?
How many pages does The crimson petal and the white have?
Can you summarize The crimson petal and the white?
What is Salt about?
Who is the author of Salt?
When was Salt published?
What is the genre of Salt?
How many pages does Salt have?
Can you summarize Salt?
What is All-American Girl about?
Who is the author of All-American Girl?
When was All-American Girl published?
What is the genre of All-American Girl?
How many pages does All-American Girl have?
Can you summarize All-American Girl?
What is Chasing the dime about?
Who is the author of Chasing the dime?
When was Chasing the dime published?
What is the genre of Chasing the dime?
How many pages does Chasing the dime have?
Can you summarize Chasing the dime?
What is Gone for good about?
Who is the author of Gone for good?
When was Gone for good published?
What is the genre of Gone for good?
How many pages does Gone for good have?
Can you summarize Gone for good?
What is The Shelters of Stone about?
Who is the author of The Shelters of Stone?
When was The Shelters of Stone published?
What is the genre of The Shelters of Stone?
How many pages does The Shelters of Stone have?
Can you summarize The Shelters of Stone?
What is Midnight for Charlie Bone about?
Who is the author of Midnight for Charlie Bone?
When was Midnight for Charlie Bone published?
What is the genre of Midnight for Charlie Bone?
How many pages does Midnight for Charlie Bone have?
Can you summarize Midnight for Charlie Bone?
What is Everything's Eventual about?
Who is the author of Everything's Eventual?
When was Everything's Eventual published?
What is the genre of Everything's Eventual?
How many pages does Everything's Eventual have?
Can you summarize Everything's Eventual?
What is Five quarters of the orange about?
Who is the author of Five quarters of the orange?
When was Five quarters of the orange published?
What is the genre of Five quarters of the orange?
How many pages does Five quarters of the orange have?
Can you summarize Five quarters of the orange?
What is Maniac Magee about?
Who is the author of Maniac Magee?
When was Maniac Magee published?
What is the genre of Maniac Magee?
How many pages does Maniac Magee have?
Can you summarize Maniac Magee?
What is The Cabinet of Curiosities (Special Agent Pendergast #3) about?
Who is the author of The Cabinet of Curiosities (Special Agent Pendergast #3)?
When was The Cabinet of Curiosities (Special Agent Pendergast #3) published?
What is the genre of The Cabinet of Curiosities (Special Agent Pendergast #3)?
How many pages does The Cabinet of Curiosities (Special Agent Pendergast #3) have?
Can you summarize The Cabinet of Curiosities (Special Agent Pendergast #3)?
What is Tithe about?
Who is the author of Tithe?
When was Tithe published?
What is the genre of Tithe?
How many pages does Tithe have?
Can you summarize Tithe?
What is The Green Man about?
Who is the author of The Green Man?
When was The Green Man published?
What is the genre of The Green Man?
How many pages does The Green Man have?
Can you summarize The Green Man?
What is The midwife about?
Who is the author of The midwife?
When was The midwife published?
What is the genre of The midwife?
How many pages does The midwife have?
Can you summarize The midwife?
What is Night Pleasures (A Dark-Hunter Novel, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Night Pleasures (A Dark-Hunter Novel, Book 2)?
When was Night Pleasures (A Dark-Hunter Novel, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Night Pleasures (A Dark-Hunter Novel, Book 2)?
How many pages does Night Pleasures (A Dark-Hunter Novel, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Night Pleasures (A Dark-Hunter Novel, Book 2)?
What is Dragon bones about?
Who is the author of Dragon bones?
When was Dragon bones published?
What is the genre of Dragon bones?
How many pages does Dragon bones have?
Can you summarize Dragon bones?
What is The Merchant of Death about?
Who is the author of The Merchant of Death?
When was The Merchant of Death published?
What is the genre of The Merchant of Death?
How many pages does The Merchant of Death have?
Can you summarize The Merchant of Death?
What is Gossip Girl about?
Who is the author of Gossip Girl?
When was Gossip Girl published?
What is the genre of Gossip Girl?
How many pages does Gossip Girl have?
Can you summarize Gossip Girl?
What is Ombria in shadow about?
Who is the author of Ombria in shadow?
When was Ombria in shadow published?
What is the genre of Ombria in shadow?
How many pages does Ombria in shadow have?
Can you summarize Ombria in shadow?
What is Everything is illuminated about?
Who is the author of Everything is illuminated?
When was Everything is illuminated published?
What is the genre of Everything is illuminated?
How many pages does Everything is illuminated have?
Can you summarize Everything is illuminated?
What is The speed of dark about?
Who is the author of The speed of dark?
When was The speed of dark published?
What is the genre of The speed of dark?
How many pages does The speed of dark have?
Can you summarize The speed of dark?
What is Bloody Jack about?
Who is the author of Bloody Jack?
When was Bloody Jack published?
What is the genre of Bloody Jack?
How many pages does Bloody Jack have?
Can you summarize Bloody Jack?
What is Across the nightingale floor about?
Who is the author of Across the nightingale floor?
When was Across the nightingale floor published?
What is the genre of Across the nightingale floor?
How many pages does Across the nightingale floor have?
Can you summarize Across the nightingale floor?
What is Family Matters A Novel about?
Who is the author of Family Matters A Novel?
When was Family Matters A Novel published?
What is the genre of Family Matters A Novel?
How many pages does Family Matters A Novel have?
Can you summarize Family Matters A Novel?
What is Circle Opens about?
Who is the author of Circle Opens?
When was Circle Opens published?
What is the genre of Circle Opens?
How many pages does Circle Opens have?
Can you summarize Circle Opens?
What is Water about?
Who is the author of Water?
When was Water published?
What is the genre of Water?
How many pages does Water have?
Can you summarize Water?
What is How to be alone about?
Who is the author of How to be alone?
When was How to be alone published?
What is the genre of How to be alone?
How many pages does How to be alone have?
Can you summarize How to be alone?
What is Last Scene Alive (Aurora Teagarden Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of Last Scene Alive (Aurora Teagarden Mysteries)?
When was Last Scene Alive (Aurora Teagarden Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of Last Scene Alive (Aurora Teagarden Mysteries)?
How many pages does Last Scene Alive (Aurora Teagarden Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize Last Scene Alive (Aurora Teagarden Mysteries)?
What is Any Human Heart about?
Who is the author of Any Human Heart?
When was Any Human Heart published?
What is the genre of Any Human Heart?
How many pages does Any Human Heart have?
Can you summarize Any Human Heart?
What is The Summons about?
Who is the author of The Summons?
When was The Summons published?
What is the genre of The Summons?
How many pages does The Summons have?
Can you summarize The Summons?
What is Shadow Puppets about?
Who is the author of Shadow Puppets?
When was Shadow Puppets published?
What is the genre of Shadow Puppets?
How many pages does Shadow Puppets have?
Can you summarize Shadow Puppets?
What is Living to Tell the Tale about?
Who is the author of Living to Tell the Tale?
When was Living to Tell the Tale published?
What is the genre of Living to Tell the Tale?
How many pages does Living to Tell the Tale have?
Can you summarize Living to Tell the Tale?
What is The revenant about?
Who is the author of The revenant?
When was The revenant published?
What is the genre of The revenant?
How many pages does The revenant have?
Can you summarize The revenant?
What is The singer of all songs about?
Who is the author of The singer of all songs?
When was The singer of all songs published?
What is the genre of The singer of all songs?
How many pages does The singer of all songs have?
Can you summarize The singer of all songs?
What is By the light of the moon about?
Who is the author of By the light of the moon?
When was By the light of the moon published?
What is the genre of By the light of the moon?
How many pages does By the light of the moon have?
Can you summarize By the light of the moon?
What is Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse about?
Who is the author of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse?
When was Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse published?
What is the genre of Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse?
How many pages does Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse have?
Can you summarize Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse?
What is Stolen about?
Who is the author of Stolen?
When was Stolen published?
What is the genre of Stolen?
How many pages does Stolen have?
Can you summarize Stolen?
What is Diplomatic Immunity about?
Who is the author of Diplomatic Immunity?
When was Diplomatic Immunity published?
What is the genre of Diplomatic Immunity?
How many pages does Diplomatic Immunity have?
Can you summarize Diplomatic Immunity?
What is The separation about?
Who is the author of The separation?
When was The separation published?
What is the genre of The separation?
How many pages does The separation have?
Can you summarize The separation?
What is Up country about?
Who is the author of Up country?
When was Up country published?
What is the genre of Up country?
How many pages does Up country have?
Can you summarize Up country?
What is The Purpose Driven Life about?
Who is the author of The Purpose Driven Life?
When was The Purpose Driven Life published?
What is the genre of The Purpose Driven Life?
How many pages does The Purpose Driven Life have?
Can you summarize The Purpose Driven Life?
What is Gingerbread about?
Who is the author of Gingerbread?
When was Gingerbread published?
What is the genre of Gingerbread?
How many pages does Gingerbread have?
Can you summarize Gingerbread?
What is From a Buick 8 about?
Who is the author of From a Buick 8?
When was From a Buick 8 published?
What is the genre of From a Buick 8?
How many pages does From a Buick 8 have?
Can you summarize From a Buick 8?
What is The Gates of Rome (Emperor, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of The Gates of Rome (Emperor, Book 1)?
When was The Gates of Rome (Emperor, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of The Gates of Rome (Emperor, Book 1)?
How many pages does The Gates of Rome (Emperor, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize The Gates of Rome (Emperor, Book 1)?
What is The Golden Age (The Golden Age, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of The Golden Age (The Golden Age, Book 1)?
When was The Golden Age (The Golden Age, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of The Golden Age (The Golden Age, Book 1)?
How many pages does The Golden Age (The Golden Age, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize The Golden Age (The Golden Age, Book 1)?
What is The lake of dead languages about?
Who is the author of The lake of dead languages?
When was The lake of dead languages published?
What is the genre of The lake of dead languages?
How many pages does The lake of dead languages have?
Can you summarize The lake of dead languages?
What is The Blank Slate about?
Who is the author of The Blank Slate?
When was The Blank Slate published?
What is the genre of The Blank Slate?
How many pages does The Blank Slate have?
Can you summarize The Blank Slate?
What is Quentins about?
Who is the author of Quentins?
When was Quentins published?
What is the genre of Quentins?
How many pages does Quentins have?
Can you summarize Quentins?
What is The Dream of Scipio about?
Who is the author of The Dream of Scipio?
When was The Dream of Scipio published?
What is the genre of The Dream of Scipio?
How many pages does The Dream of Scipio have?
Can you summarize The Dream of Scipio?
What is 2nd Chance about?
Who is the author of 2nd Chance?
When was 2nd Chance published?
What is the genre of 2nd Chance?
How many pages does 2nd Chance have?
Can you summarize 2nd Chance?
What is Pattern recognition about?
Who is the author of Pattern recognition?
When was Pattern recognition published?
What is the genre of Pattern recognition?
How many pages does Pattern recognition have?
Can you summarize Pattern recognition?
What is The years of rice and salt about?
Who is the author of The years of rice and salt?
When was The years of rice and salt published?
What is the genre of The years of rice and salt?
How many pages does The years of rice and salt have?
Can you summarize The years of rice and salt?
What is A Mist of Prophecies about?
Who is the author of A Mist of Prophecies?
When was A Mist of Prophecies published?
What is the genre of A Mist of Prophecies?
How many pages does A Mist of Prophecies have?
Can you summarize A Mist of Prophecies?
What is Blackwood Farm (Vampire Chronicles) about?
Who is the author of Blackwood Farm (Vampire Chronicles)?
When was Blackwood Farm (Vampire Chronicles) published?
What is the genre of Blackwood Farm (Vampire Chronicles)?
How many pages does Blackwood Farm (Vampire Chronicles) have?
Can you summarize Blackwood Farm (Vampire Chronicles)?
What is Before the frost about?
Who is the author of Before the frost?
When was Before the frost published?
What is the genre of Before the frost?
How many pages does Before the frost have?
Can you summarize Before the frost?
What is Romancing Mister Bridgerton about?
Who is the author of Romancing Mister Bridgerton?
When was Romancing Mister Bridgerton published?
What is the genre of Romancing Mister Bridgerton?
How many pages does Romancing Mister Bridgerton have?
Can you summarize Romancing Mister Bridgerton?
What is The demon in the freezer about?
Who is the author of The demon in the freezer?
When was The demon in the freezer published?
What is the genre of The demon in the freezer?
How many pages does The demon in the freezer have?
Can you summarize The demon in the freezer?
What is Bringing down the house about?
Who is the author of Bringing down the house?
When was Bringing down the house published?
What is the genre of Bringing down the house?
How many pages does Bringing down the house have?
Can you summarize Bringing down the house?
What is Feed about?
Who is the author of Feed?
When was Feed published?
What is the genre of Feed?
How many pages does Feed have?
Can you summarize Feed?
What is The Janson directive about?
Who is the author of The Janson directive?
When was The Janson directive published?
What is the genre of The Janson directive?
How many pages does The Janson directive have?
Can you summarize The Janson directive?
What is Exile's Honor (Heralds of Valdemar - Prequel #1) about?
Who is the author of Exile's Honor (Heralds of Valdemar - Prequel #1)?
When was Exile's Honor (Heralds of Valdemar - Prequel #1) published?
What is the genre of Exile's Honor (Heralds of Valdemar - Prequel #1)?
How many pages does Exile's Honor (Heralds of Valdemar - Prequel #1) have?
Can you summarize Exile's Honor (Heralds of Valdemar - Prequel #1)?
What is Stories of Your Life and Others about?
Who is the author of Stories of Your Life and Others?
When was Stories of Your Life and Others published?
What is the genre of Stories of Your Life and Others?
How many pages does Stories of Your Life and Others have?
Can you summarize Stories of Your Life and Others?
What is Hunting Season (Anna Pigeon Novels) about?
Who is the author of Hunting Season (Anna Pigeon Novels)?
When was Hunting Season (Anna Pigeon Novels) published?
What is the genre of Hunting Season (Anna Pigeon Novels)?
How many pages does Hunting Season (Anna Pigeon Novels) have?
Can you summarize Hunting Season (Anna Pigeon Novels)?
What is Bangkok 8 about?
Who is the author of Bangkok 8?
When was Bangkok 8 published?
What is the genre of Bangkok 8?
How many pages does Bangkok 8 have?
Can you summarize Bangkok 8?
What is Blessings about?
Who is the author of Blessings?
When was Blessings published?
What is the genre of Blessings?
How many pages does Blessings have?
Can you summarize Blessings?
What is Blue Like Jazz about?
Who is the author of Blue Like Jazz?
When was Blue Like Jazz published?
What is the genre of Blue Like Jazz?
How many pages does Blue Like Jazz have?
Can you summarize Blue Like Jazz?
What is Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11) about?
Who is the author of Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11)?
When was Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11) published?
What is the genre of Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11)?
How many pages does Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11) have?
Can you summarize Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11)?
What is The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time about?
Who is the author of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time?
When was The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time published?
What is the genre of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time?
How many pages does The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time have?
Can you summarize The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time?
What is A short history of nearly everything about?
Who is the author of A short history of nearly everything?
When was A short history of nearly everything published?
What is the genre of A short history of nearly everything?
How many pages does A short history of nearly everything have?
Can you summarize A short history of nearly everything?
What is Into the Wild about?
Who is the author of Into the Wild?
When was Into the Wild published?
What is the genre of Into the Wild?
How many pages does Into the Wild have?
Can you summarize Into the Wild?
What is Odd Thomas about?
Who is the author of Odd Thomas?
When was Odd Thomas published?
What is the genre of Odd Thomas?
How many pages does Odd Thomas have?
Can you summarize Odd Thomas?
What is A Great and Terrible Beauty about?
Who is the author of A Great and Terrible Beauty?
When was A Great and Terrible Beauty published?
What is the genre of A Great and Terrible Beauty?
How many pages does A Great and Terrible Beauty have?
Can you summarize A Great and Terrible Beauty?
What is Inkheart about?
Who is the author of Inkheart?
When was Inkheart published?
What is the genre of Inkheart?
How many pages does Inkheart have?
Can you summarize Inkheart?
What is Shutter Island about?
Who is the author of Shutter Island?
When was Shutter Island published?
What is the genre of Shutter Island?
How many pages does Shutter Island have?
Can you summarize Shutter Island?
What is The Second Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Series, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of The Second Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Series, Book 2)?
When was The Second Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Series, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of The Second Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Series, Book 2)?
How many pages does The Second Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Series, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize The Second Summer of the Sisterhood (Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants Series, Book 2)?
What is We Need to Talk About Kevin about?
Who is the author of We Need to Talk About Kevin?
When was We Need to Talk About Kevin published?
What is the genre of We Need to Talk About Kevin?
How many pages does We Need to Talk About Kevin have?
Can you summarize We Need to Talk About Kevin?
What is Eats, Shoots  &  Leaves about?
Who is the author of Eats, Shoots  &  Leaves?
When was Eats, Shoots  &  Leaves published?
What is the genre of Eats, Shoots  &  Leaves?
How many pages does Eats, Shoots  &  Leaves have?
Can you summarize Eats, Shoots  &  Leaves?
What is Moneyball about?
Who is the author of Moneyball?
When was Moneyball published?
What is the genre of Moneyball?
How many pages does Moneyball have?
Can you summarize Moneyball?
What is The Well of Lost Plots about?
Who is the author of The Well of Lost Plots?
When was The Well of Lost Plots published?
What is the genre of The Well of Lost Plots?
How many pages does The Well of Lost Plots have?
Can you summarize The Well of Lost Plots?
What is The Devil in the White City
            
                Illinois about?
Who is the author of The Devil in the White City
            
                Illinois?
When was The Devil in the White City
            
                Illinois published?
What is the genre of The Devil in the White City
            
                Illinois?
How many pages does The Devil in the White City
            
                Illinois have?
Can you summarize The Devil in the White City
            
                Illinois?
What is Stiff about?
Who is the author of Stiff?
When was Stiff published?
What is the genre of Stiff?
How many pages does Stiff have?
Can you summarize Stiff?
What is The Eternity Code about?
Who is the author of The Eternity Code?
When was The Eternity Code published?
What is the genre of The Eternity Code?
How many pages does The Eternity Code have?
Can you summarize The Eternity Code?
What is The Bartimaeus Trilogy: Book One about?
Who is the author of The Bartimaeus Trilogy: Book One?
When was The Bartimaeus Trilogy: Book One published?
What is the genre of The Bartimaeus Trilogy: Book One?
How many pages does The Bartimaeus Trilogy: Book One have?
Can you summarize The Bartimaeus Trilogy: Book One?
What is Maisie Dobbs A Novel about?
Who is the author of Maisie Dobbs A Novel?
When was Maisie Dobbs A Novel published?
What is the genre of Maisie Dobbs A Novel?
How many pages does Maisie Dobbs A Novel have?
Can you summarize Maisie Dobbs A Novel?
What is Under the Banner of Heaven about?
Who is the author of Under the Banner of Heaven?
When was Under the Banner of Heaven published?
What is the genre of Under the Banner of Heaven?
How many pages does Under the Banner of Heaven have?
Can you summarize Under the Banner of Heaven?
What is Wolves of the Calla about?
Who is the author of Wolves of the Calla?
When was Wolves of the Calla published?
What is the genre of Wolves of the Calla?
How many pages does Wolves of the Calla have?
Can you summarize Wolves of the Calla?
What is The complete Persepolis about?
Who is the author of The complete Persepolis?
When was The complete Persepolis published?
What is the genre of The complete Persepolis?
How many pages does The complete Persepolis have?
Can you summarize The complete Persepolis?
What is A Northern Light. about?
Who is the author of A Northern Light.?
When was A Northern Light. published?
What is the genre of A Northern Light.?
How many pages does A Northern Light. have?
Can you summarize A Northern Light.?
What is A Series of Unfortunate Events about?
Who is the author of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
When was A Series of Unfortunate Events published?
What is the genre of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
How many pages does A Series of Unfortunate Events have?
Can you summarize A Series of Unfortunate Events?
What is princess dia (Princess Diaries) about?
Who is the author of princess dia (Princess Diaries)?
When was princess dia (Princess Diaries) published?
What is the genre of princess dia (Princess Diaries)?
How many pages does princess dia (Princess Diaries) have?
Can you summarize princess dia (Princess Diaries)?
What is What was she thinking? about?
Who is the author of What was she thinking??
When was What was she thinking? published?
What is the genre of What was she thinking??
How many pages does What was she thinking? have?
Can you summarize What was she thinking??
What is Bare Bones about?
Who is the author of Bare Bones?
When was Bare Bones published?
What is the genre of Bare Bones?
How many pages does Bare Bones have?
Can you summarize Bare Bones?
What is The Dante Club about?
Who is the author of The Dante Club?
When was The Dante Club published?
What is the genre of The Dante Club?
How many pages does The Dante Club have?
Can you summarize The Dante Club?
What is The Wee Free Men about?
Who is the author of The Wee Free Men?
When was The Wee Free Men published?
What is the genre of The Wee Free Men?
How many pages does The Wee Free Men have?
Can you summarize The Wee Free Men?
What is Death Masks about?
Who is the author of Death Masks?
When was Death Masks published?
What is the genre of Death Masks?
How many pages does Death Masks have?
Can you summarize Death Masks?
What is Purple hibiscus about?
Who is the author of Purple hibiscus?
When was Purple hibiscus published?
What is the genre of Purple hibiscus?
How many pages does Purple hibiscus have?
Can you summarize Purple hibiscus?
What is Gregor the Overlander (Underland Chronicles) about?
Who is the author of Gregor the Overlander (Underland Chronicles)?
When was Gregor the Overlander (Underland Chronicles) published?
What is the genre of Gregor the Overlander (Underland Chronicles)?
How many pages does Gregor the Overlander (Underland Chronicles) have?
Can you summarize Gregor the Overlander (Underland Chronicles)?
What is The Tale of Despereaux about?
Who is the author of The Tale of Despereaux?
When was The Tale of Despereaux published?
What is the genre of The Tale of Despereaux?
How many pages does The Tale of Despereaux have?
Can you summarize The Tale of Despereaux?
What is Pompeii about?
Who is the author of Pompeii?
When was Pompeii published?
What is the genre of Pompeii?
How many pages does Pompeii have?
Can you summarize Pompeii?
What is Moloka'i about?
Who is the author of Moloka'i?
When was Moloka'i published?
What is the genre of Moloka'i?
How many pages does Moloka'i have?
Can you summarize Moloka'i?
What is Crossroads of twilight about?
Who is the author of Crossroads of twilight?
When was Crossroads of twilight published?
What is the genre of Crossroads of twilight?
How many pages does Crossroads of twilight have?
Can you summarize Crossroads of twilight?
What is Paladin of souls about?
Who is the author of Paladin of souls?
When was Paladin of souls published?
What is the genre of Paladin of souls?
How many pages does Paladin of souls have?
Can you summarize Paladin of souls?
What is Reading Lolita in Tehran about?
Who is the author of Reading Lolita in Tehran?
When was Reading Lolita in Tehran published?
What is the genre of Reading Lolita in Tehran?
How many pages does Reading Lolita in Tehran have?
Can you summarize Reading Lolita in Tehran?
What is The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember) about?
Who is the author of The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember)?
When was The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember) published?
What is the genre of The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember)?
How many pages does The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember) have?
Can you summarize The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember)?
What is The lady and the unicorn about?
Who is the author of The lady and the unicorn?
When was The lady and the unicorn published?
What is the genre of The lady and the unicorn?
How many pages does The lady and the unicorn have?
Can you summarize The lady and the unicorn?
What is Rubicon about?
Who is the author of Rubicon?
When was Rubicon published?
What is the genre of Rubicon?
How many pages does Rubicon have?
Can you summarize Rubicon?
What is Bleachers about?
Who is the author of Bleachers?
When was Bleachers published?
What is the genre of Bleachers?
How many pages does Bleachers have?
Can you summarize Bleachers?
What is Goose Girl about?
Who is the author of Goose Girl?
When was Goose Girl published?
What is the genre of Goose Girl?
How many pages does Goose Girl have?
Can you summarize Goose Girl?
What is Blankets about?
Who is the author of Blankets?
When was Blankets published?
What is the genre of Blankets?
How many pages does Blankets have?
Can you summarize Blankets?
What is The Namesake about?
Who is the author of The Namesake?
When was The Namesake published?
What is the genre of The Namesake?
How many pages does The Namesake have?
Can you summarize The Namesake?
What is Sunshine about?
Who is the author of Sunshine?
When was Sunshine published?
What is the genre of Sunshine?
How many pages does Sunshine have?
Can you summarize Sunshine?
What is Lies: (And the Lying Liars Who Tell Them) about?
Who is the author of Lies: (And the Lying Liars Who Tell Them)?
When was Lies: (And the Lying Liars Who Tell Them) published?
What is the genre of Lies: (And the Lying Liars Who Tell Them)?
How many pages does Lies: (And the Lying Liars Who Tell Them) have?
Can you summarize Lies: (And the Lying Liars Who Tell Them)?
What is Question of Blood~Ian Rankin about?
Who is the author of Question of Blood~Ian Rankin?
When was Question of Blood~Ian Rankin published?
What is the genre of Question of Blood~Ian Rankin?
How many pages does Question of Blood~Ian Rankin have?
Can you summarize Question of Blood~Ian Rankin?
What is Fray about?
Who is the author of Fray?
When was Fray published?
What is the genre of Fray?
How many pages does Fray have?
Can you summarize Fray?
What is Princess in Pink about?
Who is the author of Princess in Pink?
When was Princess in Pink published?
What is the genre of Princess in Pink?
How many pages does Princess in Pink have?
Can you summarize Princess in Pink?
What is East about?
Who is the author of East?
When was East published?
What is the genre of East?
How many pages does East have?
Can you summarize East?
What is Persuader about?
Who is the author of Persuader?
When was Persuader published?
What is the genre of Persuader?
How many pages does Persuader have?
Can you summarize Persuader?
What is Benjamin Franklin about?
Who is the author of Benjamin Franklin?
When was Benjamin Franklin published?
What is the genre of Benjamin Franklin?
How many pages does Benjamin Franklin have?
Can you summarize Benjamin Franklin?
What is Flashback. about?
Who is the author of Flashback.?
When was Flashback. published?
What is the genre of Flashback.?
How many pages does Flashback. have?
Can you summarize Flashback.?
What is The last detective about?
Who is the author of The last detective?
When was The last detective published?
What is the genre of The last detective?
How many pages does The last detective have?
Can you summarize The last detective?
What is Lost Light (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of Lost Light (Harry Bosch)?
When was Lost Light (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of Lost Light (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does Lost Light (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize Lost Light (Harry Bosch)?
What is Dissolution about?
Who is the author of Dissolution?
When was Dissolution published?
What is the genre of Dissolution?
How many pages does Dissolution have?
Can you summarize Dissolution?
What is Living history about?
Who is the author of Living history?
When was Living history published?
What is the genre of Living history?
How many pages does Living history have?
Can you summarize Living history?
What is The Dot about?
Who is the author of The Dot?
When was The Dot published?
What is the genre of The Dot?
How many pages does The Dot have?
Can you summarize The Dot?
What is Charlie Bone and the Time Twister about?
Who is the author of Charlie Bone and the Time Twister?
When was Charlie Bone and the Time Twister published?
What is the genre of Charlie Bone and the Time Twister?
How many pages does Charlie Bone and the Time Twister have?
Can you summarize Charlie Bone and the Time Twister?
What is The Fortress of Solitude about?
Who is the author of The Fortress of Solitude?
When was The Fortress of Solitude published?
What is the genre of The Fortress of Solitude?
How many pages does The Fortress of Solitude have?
Can you summarize The Fortress of Solitude?
What is The Bedford Boys about?
Who is the author of The Bedford Boys?
When was The Bedford Boys published?
What is the genre of The Bedford Boys?
How many pages does The Bedford Boys have?
Can you summarize The Bedford Boys?
What is Gulag about?
Who is the author of Gulag?
When was Gulag published?
What is the genre of Gulag?
How many pages does Gulag have?
Can you summarize Gulag?
What is A place of hiding about?
Who is the author of A place of hiding?
When was A place of hiding published?
What is the genre of A place of hiding?
How many pages does A place of hiding have?
Can you summarize A place of hiding?
What is Still Life with Crows about?
Who is the author of Still Life with Crows?
When was Still Life with Crows published?
What is the genre of Still Life with Crows?
How many pages does Still Life with Crows have?
Can you summarize Still Life with Crows?
What is Random Family about?
Who is the author of Random Family?
When was Random Family published?
What is the genre of Random Family?
How many pages does Random Family have?
Can you summarize Random Family?
What is The Holocaust Industry about?
Who is the author of The Holocaust Industry?
When was The Holocaust Industry published?
What is the genre of The Holocaust Industry?
How many pages does The Holocaust Industry have?
Can you summarize The Holocaust Industry?
What is Kushiel's Avatar about?
Who is the author of Kushiel's Avatar?
When was Kushiel's Avatar published?
What is the genre of Kushiel's Avatar?
How many pages does Kushiel's Avatar have?
Can you summarize Kushiel's Avatar?
What is Brick Lane about?
Who is the author of Brick Lane?
When was Brick Lane published?
What is the genre of Brick Lane?
How many pages does Brick Lane have?
Can you summarize Brick Lane?
What is War Of The Flowers,The about?
Who is the author of War Of The Flowers,The?
When was War Of The Flowers,The published?
What is the genre of War Of The Flowers,The?
How many pages does War Of The Flowers,The have?
Can you summarize War Of The Flowers,The?
What is Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus about?
Who is the author of Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus?
When was Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus published?
What is the genre of Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus?
How many pages does Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus have?
Can you summarize Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus?
What is Charlie Wilson's War about?
Who is the author of Charlie Wilson's War?
When was Charlie Wilson's War published?
What is the genre of Charlie Wilson's War?
How many pages does Charlie Wilson's War have?
Can you summarize Charlie Wilson's War?
What is The Briar King (Kingdoms of Thorn & Bone) about?
Who is the author of The Briar King (Kingdoms of Thorn & Bone)?
When was The Briar King (Kingdoms of Thorn & Bone) published?
What is the genre of The Briar King (Kingdoms of Thorn & Bone)?
How many pages does The Briar King (Kingdoms of Thorn & Bone) have?
Can you summarize The Briar King (Kingdoms of Thorn & Bone)?
What is The king of torts about?
Who is the author of The king of torts?
When was The king of torts published?
What is the genre of The king of torts?
How many pages does The king of torts have?
Can you summarize The king of torts?
What is The Queen's Fool about?
Who is the author of The Queen's Fool?
When was The Queen's Fool published?
What is the genre of The Queen's Fool?
How many pages does The Queen's Fool have?
Can you summarize The Queen's Fool?
What is The sinister pig about?
Who is the author of The sinister pig?
When was The sinister pig published?
What is the genre of The sinister pig?
How many pages does The sinister pig have?
Can you summarize The sinister pig?
What is Toast about?
Who is the author of Toast?
When was Toast published?
What is the genre of Toast?
How many pages does Toast have?
Can you summarize Toast?
What is Avoiding Prison and Other Noble Vacation Goals about?
Who is the author of Avoiding Prison and Other Noble Vacation Goals?
When was Avoiding Prison and Other Noble Vacation Goals published?
What is the genre of Avoiding Prison and Other Noble Vacation Goals?
How many pages does Avoiding Prison and Other Noble Vacation Goals have?
Can you summarize Avoiding Prison and Other Noble Vacation Goals?
What is Winterkill (Joe Pickett Novels) about?
Who is the author of Winterkill (Joe Pickett Novels)?
When was Winterkill (Joe Pickett Novels) published?
What is the genre of Winterkill (Joe Pickett Novels)?
How many pages does Winterkill (Joe Pickett Novels) have?
Can you summarize Winterkill (Joe Pickett Novels)?
What is Shake hands with the devil about?
Who is the author of Shake hands with the devil?
When was Shake hands with the devil published?
What is the genre of Shake hands with the devil?
How many pages does Shake hands with the devil have?
Can you summarize Shake hands with the devil?
What is Shakespeare about?
Who is the author of Shakespeare?
When was Shakespeare published?
What is the genre of Shakespeare?
How many pages does Shakespeare have?
Can you summarize Shakespeare?
What is Bold spirit about?
Who is the author of Bold spirit?
When was Bold spirit published?
What is the genre of Bold spirit?
How many pages does Bold spirit have?
Can you summarize Bold spirit?
What is Empire about?
Who is the author of Empire?
When was Empire published?
What is the genre of Empire?
How many pages does Empire have?
Can you summarize Empire?
What is Into Africa about?
Who is the author of Into Africa?
When was Into Africa published?
What is the genre of Into Africa?
How many pages does Into Africa have?
Can you summarize Into Africa?
What is Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11) about?
Who is the author of Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11)?
When was Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11) published?
What is the genre of Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11)?
How many pages does Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11) have?
Can you summarize Cerulean Sins (Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter: Book 11)?
What is The October Horse about?
Who is the author of The October Horse?
When was The October Horse published?
What is the genre of The October Horse?
How many pages does The October Horse have?
Can you summarize The October Horse?
What is The Housekeeper and the Professor about?
Who is the author of The Housekeeper and the Professor?
When was The Housekeeper and the Professor published?
What is the genre of The Housekeeper and the Professor?
How many pages does The Housekeeper and the Professor have?
Can you summarize The Housekeeper and the Professor?
What is Mirror Mirror about?
Who is the author of Mirror Mirror?
When was Mirror Mirror published?
What is the genre of Mirror Mirror?
How many pages does Mirror Mirror have?
Can you summarize Mirror Mirror?
What is Eleven Minutes about?
Who is the author of Eleven Minutes?
When was Eleven Minutes published?
What is the genre of Eleven Minutes?
How many pages does Eleven Minutes have?
Can you summarize Eleven Minutes?
What is The  outstretched shadow about?
Who is the author of The  outstretched shadow?
When was The  outstretched shadow published?
What is the genre of The  outstretched shadow?
How many pages does The  outstretched shadow have?
Can you summarize The  outstretched shadow?
What is My Sister's Keeper about?
Who is the author of My Sister's Keeper?
When was My Sister's Keeper published?
What is the genre of My Sister's Keeper?
How many pages does My Sister's Keeper have?
Can you summarize My Sister's Keeper?
What is Cloud Atlas about?
Who is the author of Cloud Atlas?
When was Cloud Atlas published?
What is the genre of Cloud Atlas?
How many pages does Cloud Atlas have?
Can you summarize Cloud Atlas?
What is Dead to the World (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of Dead to the World (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 4)?
When was Dead to the World (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of Dead to the World (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 4)?
How many pages does Dead to the World (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize Dead to the World (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 4)?
What is The Girl Who Played with Fire about?
Who is the author of The Girl Who Played with Fire?
When was The Girl Who Played with Fire published?
What is the genre of The Girl Who Played with Fire?
How many pages does The Girl Who Played with Fire have?
Can you summarize The Girl Who Played with Fire?
What is The Truth About Forever about?
Who is the author of The Truth About Forever?
When was The Truth About Forever published?
What is the genre of The Truth About Forever?
How many pages does The Truth About Forever have?
Can you summarize The Truth About Forever?
What is Suite Française about?
Who is the author of Suite Française?
When was Suite Française published?
What is the genre of Suite Française?
How many pages does Suite Française have?
Can you summarize Suite Française?
What is The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Presents America (The Book) about?
Who is the author of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Presents America (The Book)?
When was The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Presents America (The Book) published?
What is the genre of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Presents America (The Book)?
How many pages does The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Presents America (The Book) have?
Can you summarize The Daily Show with Jon Stewart Presents America (The Book)?
What is A Walk to Remember about?
Who is the author of A Walk to Remember?
When was A Walk to Remember published?
What is the genre of A Walk to Remember?
How many pages does A Walk to Remember have?
Can you summarize A Walk to Remember?
What is Something Rotten about?
Who is the author of Something Rotten?
When was Something Rotten published?
What is the genre of Something Rotten?
How many pages does Something Rotten have?
Can you summarize Something Rotten?
What is Line of Beauty about?
Who is the author of Line of Beauty?
When was Line of Beauty published?
What is the genre of Line of Beauty?
How many pages does Line of Beauty have?
Can you summarize Line of Beauty?
What is Going postal about?
Who is the author of Going postal?
When was Going postal published?
What is the genre of Going postal?
How many pages does Going postal have?
Can you summarize Going postal?
What is Scott Pilgrim, Vol. 1 about?
Who is the author of Scott Pilgrim, Vol. 1?
When was Scott Pilgrim, Vol. 1 published?
What is the genre of Scott Pilgrim, Vol. 1?
How many pages does Scott Pilgrim, Vol. 1 have?
Can you summarize Scott Pilgrim, Vol. 1?
What is Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World about?
Who is the author of Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World?
When was Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World published?
What is the genre of Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World?
How many pages does Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World have?
Can you summarize Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World?
What is Collapse about?
Who is the author of Collapse?
When was Collapse published?
What is the genre of Collapse?
How many pages does Collapse have?
Can you summarize Collapse?
What is The Plot Against America about?
Who is the author of The Plot Against America?
When was The Plot Against America published?
What is the genre of The Plot Against America?
How many pages does The Plot Against America have?
Can you summarize The Plot Against America?
What is The Queen's Fool about?
Who is the author of The Queen's Fool?
When was The Queen's Fool published?
What is the genre of The Queen's Fool?
How many pages does The Queen's Fool have?
Can you summarize The Queen's Fool?
What is Ranger's Apprentice about?
Who is the author of Ranger's Apprentice?
When was Ranger's Apprentice published?
What is the genre of Ranger's Apprentice?
How many pages does Ranger's Apprentice have?
Can you summarize Ranger's Apprentice?
What is Trickster's Queen about?
Who is the author of Trickster's Queen?
When was Trickster's Queen published?
What is the genre of Trickster's Queen?
How many pages does Trickster's Queen have?
Can you summarize Trickster's Queen?
What is Ten Big Ones (A Stephanie Plum Novel) about?
Who is the author of Ten Big Ones (A Stephanie Plum Novel)?
When was Ten Big Ones (A Stephanie Plum Novel) published?
What is the genre of Ten Big Ones (A Stephanie Plum Novel)?
How many pages does Ten Big Ones (A Stephanie Plum Novel) have?
Can you summarize Ten Big Ones (A Stephanie Plum Novel)?
What is Will in the World about?
Who is the author of Will in the World?
When was Will in the World published?
What is the genre of Will in the World?
How many pages does Will in the World have?
Can you summarize Will in the World?
What is Blood rites about?
Who is the author of Blood rites?
When was Blood rites published?
What is the genre of Blood rites?
How many pages does Blood rites have?
Can you summarize Blood rites?
What is The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember) about?
Who is the author of The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember)?
When was The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember) published?
What is the genre of The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember)?
How many pages does The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember) have?
Can you summarize The City of Ember (The First Book of Ember)?
What is The rule of four about?
Who is the author of The rule of four?
When was The rule of four published?
What is the genre of The rule of four?
How many pages does The rule of four have?
Can you summarize The rule of four?
What is Gilead about?
Who is the author of Gilead?
When was Gilead published?
What is the genre of Gilead?
How many pages does Gilead have?
Can you summarize Gilead?
What is A Series of Unfortunate Events about?
Who is the author of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
When was A Series of Unfortunate Events published?
What is the genre of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
How many pages does A Series of Unfortunate Events have?
Can you summarize A Series of Unfortunate Events?
What is The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Chronicles Series #1) about?
Who is the author of The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Chronicles Series #1)?
When was The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Chronicles Series #1) published?
What is the genre of The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Chronicles Series #1)?
How many pages does The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Chronicles Series #1) have?
Can you summarize The Last Kingdom (The Saxon Chronicles Series #1)?
What is Runaway about?
Who is the author of Runaway?
When was Runaway published?
What is the genre of Runaway?
How many pages does Runaway have?
Can you summarize Runaway?
What is The Tale of Despereaux about?
Who is the author of The Tale of Despereaux?
When was The Tale of Despereaux published?
What is the genre of The Tale of Despereaux?
How many pages does The Tale of Despereaux have?
Can you summarize The Tale of Despereaux?
What is Peter and the Starcatchers about?
Who is the author of Peter and the Starcatchers?
When was Peter and the Starcatchers published?
What is the genre of Peter and the Starcatchers?
How many pages does Peter and the Starcatchers have?
Can you summarize Peter and the Starcatchers?
What is Eventide about?
Who is the author of Eventide?
When was Eventide published?
What is the genre of Eventide?
How many pages does Eventide have?
Can you summarize Eventide?
What is The secret history of the Pink Carnation about?
Who is the author of The secret history of the Pink Carnation?
When was The secret history of the Pink Carnation published?
What is the genre of The secret history of the Pink Carnation?
How many pages does The secret history of the Pink Carnation have?
Can you summarize The secret history of the Pink Carnation?
What is How I Live Now about?
Who is the author of How I Live Now?
When was How I Live Now published?
What is the genre of How I Live Now?
How many pages does How I Live Now have?
Can you summarize How I Live Now?
What is Poison Study about?
Who is the author of Poison Study?
When was Poison Study published?
What is the genre of Poison Study?
How many pages does Poison Study have?
Can you summarize Poison Study?
What is Trickster's Choice about?
Who is the author of Trickster's Choice?
When was Trickster's Choice published?
What is the genre of Trickster's Choice?
How many pages does Trickster's Choice have?
Can you summarize Trickster's Choice?
What is Messenger about?
Who is the author of Messenger?
When was Messenger published?
What is the genre of Messenger?
How many pages does Messenger have?
Can you summarize Messenger?
What is The Last Juror about?
Who is the author of The Last Juror?
When was The Last Juror published?
What is the genre of The Last Juror?
How many pages does The Last Juror have?
Can you summarize The Last Juror?
What is Kitten's first full moon about?
Who is the author of Kitten's first full moon?
When was Kitten's first full moon published?
What is the genre of Kitten's first full moon?
How many pages does Kitten's first full moon have?
Can you summarize Kitten's first full moon?
What is Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim about?
Who is the author of Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim?
When was Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim published?
What is the genre of Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim?
How many pages does Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim have?
Can you summarize Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim?
What is The Fabric of the Cosmos about?
Who is the author of The Fabric of the Cosmos?
When was The Fabric of the Cosmos published?
What is the genre of The Fabric of the Cosmos?
How many pages does The Fabric of the Cosmos have?
Can you summarize The Fabric of the Cosmos?
What is Sex with Kings about?
Who is the author of Sex with Kings?
When was Sex with Kings published?
What is the genre of Sex with Kings?
How many pages does Sex with Kings have?
Can you summarize Sex with Kings?
What is Let the Right One in about?
Who is the author of Let the Right One in?
When was Let the Right One in published?
What is the genre of Let the Right One in?
How many pages does Let the Right One in have?
Can you summarize Let the Right One in?
What is A Hat Full of Sky about?
Who is the author of A Hat Full of Sky?
When was A Hat Full of Sky published?
What is the genre of A Hat Full of Sky?
How many pages does A Hat Full of Sky have?
Can you summarize A Hat Full of Sky?
What is The People of Sparks about?
Who is the author of The People of Sparks?
When was The People of Sparks published?
What is the genre of The People of Sparks?
How many pages does The People of Sparks have?
Can you summarize The People of Sparks?
What is The Well of Lost Plots about?
Who is the author of The Well of Lost Plots?
When was The Well of Lost Plots published?
What is the genre of The Well of Lost Plots?
How many pages does The Well of Lost Plots have?
Can you summarize The Well of Lost Plots?
What is The House of the Scorpion about?
Who is the author of The House of the Scorpion?
When was The House of the Scorpion published?
What is the genre of The House of the Scorpion?
How many pages does The House of the Scorpion have?
Can you summarize The House of the Scorpion?
What is The Algebraist about?
Who is the author of The Algebraist?
When was The Algebraist published?
What is the genre of The Algebraist?
How many pages does The Algebraist have?
Can you summarize The Algebraist?
What is The narrows about?
Who is the author of The narrows?
When was The narrows published?
What is the genre of The narrows?
How many pages does The narrows have?
Can you summarize The narrows?
What is New Spring (Wheel of Time) about?
Who is the author of New Spring (Wheel of Time)?
When was New Spring (Wheel of Time) published?
What is the genre of New Spring (Wheel of Time)?
How many pages does New Spring (Wheel of Time) have?
Can you summarize New Spring (Wheel of Time)?
What is Midnighters #1 about?
Who is the author of Midnighters #1?
When was Midnighters #1 published?
What is the genre of Midnighters #1?
How many pages does Midnighters #1 have?
Can you summarize Midnighters #1?
What is The Bar Code Tattoo (Point Thriller) about?
Who is the author of The Bar Code Tattoo (Point Thriller)?
When was The Bar Code Tattoo (Point Thriller) published?
What is the genre of The Bar Code Tattoo (Point Thriller)?
How many pages does The Bar Code Tattoo (Point Thriller) have?
Can you summarize The Bar Code Tattoo (Point Thriller)?
What is Scorpia (Alex Rider Adventure) about?
Who is the author of Scorpia (Alex Rider Adventure)?
When was Scorpia (Alex Rider Adventure) published?
What is the genre of Scorpia (Alex Rider Adventure)?
How many pages does Scorpia (Alex Rider Adventure) have?
Can you summarize Scorpia (Alex Rider Adventure)?
What is Raven's Shadow about?
Who is the author of Raven's Shadow?
When was Raven's Shadow published?
What is the genre of Raven's Shadow?
How many pages does Raven's Shadow have?
Can you summarize Raven's Shadow?
What is Little Children about?
Who is the author of Little Children?
When was Little Children published?
What is the genre of Little Children?
How many pages does Little Children have?
Can you summarize Little Children?
What is What's the Matter With Kansas? about?
Who is the author of What's the Matter With Kansas??
When was What's the Matter With Kansas? published?
What is the genre of What's the Matter With Kansas??
How many pages does What's the Matter With Kansas? have?
Can you summarize What's the Matter With Kansas??
What is Old filth about?
Who is the author of Old filth?
When was Old filth published?
What is the genre of Old filth?
How many pages does Old filth have?
Can you summarize Old filth?
What is Hammered about?
Who is the author of Hammered?
When was Hammered published?
What is the genre of Hammered?
How many pages does Hammered have?
Can you summarize Hammered?
What is The System of the World (The Baroque Cycle, Vol. 3) about?
Who is the author of The System of the World (The Baroque Cycle, Vol. 3)?
When was The System of the World (The Baroque Cycle, Vol. 3) published?
What is the genre of The System of the World (The Baroque Cycle, Vol. 3)?
How many pages does The System of the World (The Baroque Cycle, Vol. 3) have?
Can you summarize The System of the World (The Baroque Cycle, Vol. 3)?
What is The Amateur Marriage about?
Who is the author of The Amateur Marriage?
When was The Amateur Marriage published?
What is the genre of The Amateur Marriage?
How many pages does The Amateur Marriage have?
Can you summarize The Amateur Marriage?
What is Ballad of the Whiskey Robber about?
Who is the author of Ballad of the Whiskey Robber?
When was Ballad of the Whiskey Robber published?
What is the genre of Ballad of the Whiskey Robber?
How many pages does Ballad of the Whiskey Robber have?
Can you summarize Ballad of the Whiskey Robber?
What is Dime Store Magic about?
Who is the author of Dime Store Magic?
When was Dime Store Magic published?
What is the genre of Dime Store Magic?
How many pages does Dime Store Magic have?
Can you summarize Dime Store Magic?
What is The Jane Austen Book Club about?
Who is the author of The Jane Austen Book Club?
When was The Jane Austen Book Club published?
What is the genre of The Jane Austen Book Club?
How many pages does The Jane Austen Book Club have?
Can you summarize The Jane Austen Book Club?
What is The History Boys about?
Who is the author of The History Boys?
When was The History Boys published?
What is the genre of The History Boys?
How many pages does The History Boys have?
Can you summarize The History Boys?
What is The Fairy Godmother about?
Who is the author of The Fairy Godmother?
When was The Fairy Godmother published?
What is the genre of The Fairy Godmother?
How many pages does The Fairy Godmother have?
Can you summarize The Fairy Godmother?
What is Industrial Magic about?
Who is the author of Industrial Magic?
When was Industrial Magic published?
What is the genre of Industrial Magic?
How many pages does Industrial Magic have?
Can you summarize Industrial Magic?
What is French women don't get fat about?
Who is the author of French women don't get fat?
When was French women don't get fat published?
What is the genre of French women don't get fat?
How many pages does French women don't get fat have?
Can you summarize French women don't get fat?
What is The inner circle about?
Who is the author of The inner circle?
When was The inner circle published?
What is the genre of The inner circle?
How many pages does The inner circle have?
Can you summarize The inner circle?
What is Case Histories about?
Who is the author of Case Histories?
When was Case Histories published?
What is the genre of Case Histories?
How many pages does Case Histories have?
Can you summarize Case Histories?
What is The mermaid chair about?
Who is the author of The mermaid chair?
When was The mermaid chair published?
What is the genre of The mermaid chair?
How many pages does The mermaid chair have?
Can you summarize The mermaid chair?
What is Snobs about?
Who is the author of Snobs?
When was Snobs published?
What is the genre of Snobs?
How many pages does Snobs have?
Can you summarize Snobs?
What is Chainfire about?
Who is the author of Chainfire?
When was Chainfire published?
What is the genre of Chainfire?
How many pages does Chainfire have?
Can you summarize Chainfire?
What is High Country (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) about?
Who is the author of High Country (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
When was High Country (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) published?
What is the genre of High Country (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
How many pages does High Country (Anna Pigeon Mysteries) have?
Can you summarize High Country (Anna Pigeon Mysteries)?
What is Boy a about?
Who is the author of Boy a?
When was Boy a published?
What is the genre of Boy a?
How many pages does Boy a have?
Can you summarize Boy a?
What is Air, or, Have not have about?
Who is the author of Air, or, Have not have?
When was Air, or, Have not have published?
What is the genre of Air, or, Have not have?
How many pages does Air, or, Have not have have?
Can you summarize Air, or, Have not have?
What is Absolutely American about?
Who is the author of Absolutely American?
When was Absolutely American published?
What is the genre of Absolutely American?
How many pages does Absolutely American have?
Can you summarize Absolutely American?
What is Boy Meets Girl about?
Who is the author of Boy Meets Girl?
When was Boy Meets Girl published?
What is the genre of Boy Meets Girl?
How many pages does Boy Meets Girl have?
Can you summarize Boy Meets Girl?
What is Pandora's star about?
Who is the author of Pandora's star?
When was Pandora's star published?
What is the genre of Pandora's star?
How many pages does Pandora's star have?
Can you summarize Pandora's star?
What is Incubus dreams about?
Who is the author of Incubus dreams?
When was Incubus dreams published?
What is the genre of Incubus dreams?
How many pages does Incubus dreams have?
Can you summarize Incubus dreams?
What is The knight about?
Who is the author of The knight?
When was The knight published?
What is the genre of The knight?
How many pages does The knight have?
Can you summarize The knight?
What is The Sandman about?
Who is the author of The Sandman?
When was The Sandman published?
What is the genre of The Sandman?
How many pages does The Sandman have?
Can you summarize The Sandman?
What is Shakespeare after All about?
Who is the author of Shakespeare after All?
When was Shakespeare after All published?
What is the genre of Shakespeare after All?
How many pages does Shakespeare after All have?
Can you summarize Shakespeare after All?
What is The Falls about?
Who is the author of The Falls?
When was The Falls published?
What is the genre of The Falls?
How many pages does The Falls have?
Can you summarize The Falls?
What is The sex lives of cannibals about?
Who is the author of The sex lives of cannibals?
When was The sex lives of cannibals published?
What is the genre of The sex lives of cannibals?
How many pages does The sex lives of cannibals have?
Can you summarize The sex lives of cannibals?
What is The Sunday philosophy club about?
Who is the author of The Sunday philosophy club?
When was The Sunday philosophy club published?
What is the genre of The Sunday philosophy club?
How many pages does The Sunday philosophy club have?
Can you summarize The Sunday philosophy club?
What is Luna about?
Who is the author of Luna?
When was Luna published?
What is the genre of Luna?
How many pages does Luna have?
Can you summarize Luna?
What is Knuffle Bunny about?
Who is the author of Knuffle Bunny?
When was Knuffle Bunny published?
What is the genre of Knuffle Bunny?
How many pages does Knuffle Bunny have?
Can you summarize Knuffle Bunny?
What is The Last Family in England about?
Who is the author of The Last Family in England?
When was The Last Family in England published?
What is the genre of The Last Family in England?
How many pages does The Last Family in England have?
Can you summarize The Last Family in England?
What is Night Watch about?
Who is the author of Night Watch?
When was Night Watch published?
What is the genre of Night Watch?
How many pages does Night Watch have?
Can you summarize Night Watch?
What is Chasing Vermeer about?
Who is the author of Chasing Vermeer?
When was Chasing Vermeer published?
What is the genre of Chasing Vermeer?
How many pages does Chasing Vermeer have?
Can you summarize Chasing Vermeer?
What is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo about?
Who is the author of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
When was The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo published?
What is the genre of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
How many pages does The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo have?
Can you summarize The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
What is Twilight about?
Who is the author of Twilight?
When was Twilight published?
What is the genre of Twilight?
How many pages does Twilight have?
Can you summarize Twilight?
What is Looking for Alaska about?
Who is the author of Looking for Alaska?
When was Looking for Alaska published?
What is the genre of Looking for Alaska?
How many pages does Looking for Alaska have?
Can you summarize Looking for Alaska?
What is A Feast For Crows about?
Who is the author of A Feast For Crows?
When was A Feast For Crows published?
What is the genre of A Feast For Crows?
How many pages does A Feast For Crows have?
Can you summarize A Feast For Crows?
What is The Glass Castle about?
Who is the author of The Glass Castle?
When was The Glass Castle published?
What is the genre of The Glass Castle?
How many pages does The Glass Castle have?
Can you summarize The Glass Castle?
What is Pretties (Uglies Trilogy, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Pretties (Uglies Trilogy, Book 2)?
When was Pretties (Uglies Trilogy, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Pretties (Uglies Trilogy, Book 2)?
How many pages does Pretties (Uglies Trilogy, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Pretties (Uglies Trilogy, Book 2)?
What is Snow Flower and the Secret Fan about?
Who is the author of Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
When was Snow Flower and the Secret Fan published?
What is the genre of Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
How many pages does Snow Flower and the Secret Fan have?
Can you summarize Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
What is Eldest (Inheritance, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Eldest (Inheritance, Book 2)?
When was Eldest (Inheritance, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Eldest (Inheritance, Book 2)?
How many pages does Eldest (Inheritance, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Eldest (Inheritance, Book 2)?
What is Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close about?
Who is the author of Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close?
When was Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close published?
What is the genre of Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close?
How many pages does Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close have?
Can you summarize Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close?
What is Anansi Boys about?
Who is the author of Anansi Boys?
When was Anansi Boys published?
What is the genre of Anansi Boys?
How many pages does Anansi Boys have?
Can you summarize Anansi Boys?
What is Poison Study about?
Who is the author of Poison Study?
When was Poison Study published?
What is the genre of Poison Study?
How many pages does Poison Study have?
Can you summarize Poison Study?
What is Dead as a Doornail (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 5) about?
Who is the author of Dead as a Doornail (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 5)?
When was Dead as a Doornail (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 5) published?
What is the genre of Dead as a Doornail (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 5)?
How many pages does Dead as a Doornail (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 5) have?
Can you summarize Dead as a Doornail (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 5)?
What is The Year of Magical Thinking about?
Who is the author of The Year of Magical Thinking?
When was The Year of Magical Thinking published?
What is the genre of The Year of Magical Thinking?
How many pages does The Year of Magical Thinking have?
Can you summarize The Year of Magical Thinking?
What is 1776 about?
Who is the author of 1776?
When was 1776 published?
What is the genre of 1776?
How many pages does 1776 have?
Can you summarize 1776?
What is Princess Academy about?
Who is the author of Princess Academy?
When was Princess Academy published?
What is the genre of Princess Academy?
How many pages does Princess Academy have?
Can you summarize Princess Academy?
What is A Series of Unfortunate Events about?
Who is the author of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
When was A Series of Unfortunate Events published?
What is the genre of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
How many pages does A Series of Unfortunate Events have?
Can you summarize A Series of Unfortunate Events?
What is The Memory Keeper's Daughter about?
Who is the author of The Memory Keeper's Daughter?
When was The Memory Keeper's Daughter published?
What is the genre of The Memory Keeper's Daughter?
How many pages does The Memory Keeper's Daughter have?
Can you summarize The Memory Keeper's Daughter?
What is Rebel Angels about?
Who is the author of Rebel Angels?
When was Rebel Angels published?
What is the genre of Rebel Angels?
How many pages does Rebel Angels have?
Can you summarize Rebel Angels?
What is Marley & Me (Large Print) about?
Who is the author of Marley & Me (Large Print)?
When was Marley & Me (Large Print) published?
What is the genre of Marley & Me (Large Print)?
How many pages does Marley & Me (Large Print) have?
Can you summarize Marley & Me (Large Print)?
What is Inkspell about?
Who is the author of Inkspell?
When was Inkspell published?
What is the genre of Inkspell?
How many pages does Inkspell have?
Can you summarize Inkspell?
What is Dark Lover about?
Who is the author of Dark Lover?
When was Dark Lover published?
What is the genre of Dark Lover?
How many pages does Dark Lover have?
Can you summarize Dark Lover?
What is Girls in Pants about?
Who is the author of Girls in Pants?
When was Girls in Pants published?
What is the genre of Girls in Pants?
How many pages does Girls in Pants have?
Can you summarize Girls in Pants?
What is On Beauty about?
Who is the author of On Beauty?
When was On Beauty published?
What is the genre of On Beauty?
How many pages does On Beauty have?
Can you summarize On Beauty?
What is 1491 about?
Who is the author of 1491?
When was 1491 published?
What is the genre of 1491?
How many pages does 1491 have?
Can you summarize 1491?
What is Elantris about?
Who is the author of Elantris?
When was Elantris published?
What is the genre of Elantris?
How many pages does Elantris have?
Can you summarize Elantris?
What is Maximum Ride about?
Who is the author of Maximum Ride?
When was Maximum Ride published?
What is the genre of Maximum Ride?
How many pages does Maximum Ride have?
Can you summarize Maximum Ride?
What is Forever odd about?
Who is the author of Forever odd?
When was Forever odd published?
What is the genre of Forever odd?
How many pages does Forever odd have?
Can you summarize Forever odd?
What is Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian, A about?
Who is the author of Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian, A?
When was Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian, A published?
What is the genre of Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian, A?
How many pages does Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian, A have?
Can you summarize Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian, A?
What is Size 12 Is Not Fat about?
Who is the author of Size 12 Is Not Fat?
When was Size 12 Is Not Fat published?
What is the genre of Size 12 Is Not Fat?
How many pages does Size 12 Is Not Fat have?
Can you summarize Size 12 Is Not Fat?
What is The Burning Bridge about?
Who is the author of The Burning Bridge?
When was The Burning Bridge published?
What is the genre of The Burning Bridge?
How many pages does The Burning Bridge have?
Can you summarize The Burning Bridge?
What is The History of Love about?
Who is the author of The History of Love?
When was The History of Love published?
What is the genre of The History of Love?
How many pages does The History of Love have?
Can you summarize The History of Love?
What is The Complete Calvin and Hobbes about?
Who is the author of The Complete Calvin and Hobbes?
When was The Complete Calvin and Hobbes published?
What is the genre of The Complete Calvin and Hobbes?
How many pages does The Complete Calvin and Hobbes have?
Can you summarize The Complete Calvin and Hobbes?
What is Vanishing Acts: A Novel about?
Who is the author of Vanishing Acts: A Novel?
When was Vanishing Acts: A Novel published?
What is the genre of Vanishing Acts: A Novel?
How many pages does Vanishing Acts: A Novel have?
Can you summarize Vanishing Acts: A Novel?
What is Avalon High about?
Who is the author of Avalon High?
When was Avalon High published?
What is the genre of Avalon High?
How many pages does Avalon High have?
Can you summarize Avalon High?
What is The River of Doubt about?
Who is the author of The River of Doubt?
When was The River of Doubt published?
What is the genre of The River of Doubt?
How many pages does The River of Doubt have?
Can you summarize The River of Doubt?
What is 13 little blue envelopes about?
Who is the author of 13 little blue envelopes?
When was 13 little blue envelopes published?
What is the genre of 13 little blue envelopes?
How many pages does 13 little blue envelopes have?
Can you summarize 13 little blue envelopes?
What is Dead Beat (The Dresden Files, Book 7) about?
Who is the author of Dead Beat (The Dresden Files, Book 7)?
When was Dead Beat (The Dresden Files, Book 7) published?
What is the genre of Dead Beat (The Dresden Files, Book 7)?
How many pages does Dead Beat (The Dresden Files, Book 7) have?
Can you summarize Dead Beat (The Dresden Files, Book 7)?
What is Knife of Dreams (The Wheel of Time, Book 11) about?
Who is the author of Knife of Dreams (The Wheel of Time, Book 11)?
When was Knife of Dreams (The Wheel of Time, Book 11) published?
What is the genre of Knife of Dreams (The Wheel of Time, Book 11)?
How many pages does Knife of Dreams (The Wheel of Time, Book 11) have?
Can you summarize Knife of Dreams (The Wheel of Time, Book 11)?
What is The Penelopiad about?
Who is the author of The Penelopiad?
When was The Penelopiad published?
What is the genre of The Penelopiad?
How many pages does The Penelopiad have?
Can you summarize The Penelopiad?
What is Peeps about?
Who is the author of Peeps?
When was Peeps published?
What is the genre of Peeps?
How many pages does Peeps have?
Can you summarize Peeps?
What is The Icebound Land about?
Who is the author of The Icebound Land?
When was The Icebound Land published?
What is the genre of The Icebound Land?
How many pages does The Icebound Land have?
Can you summarize The Icebound Land?
What is Vampire Kisses 2 about?
Who is the author of Vampire Kisses 2?
When was Vampire Kisses 2 published?
What is the genre of Vampire Kisses 2?
How many pages does Vampire Kisses 2 have?
Can you summarize Vampire Kisses 2?
What is Kitty and the Midnight Hour (Kitty Norville Series, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Kitty and the Midnight Hour (Kitty Norville Series, Book 1)?
When was Kitty and the Midnight Hour (Kitty Norville Series, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Kitty and the Midnight Hour (Kitty Norville Series, Book 1)?
How many pages does Kitty and the Midnight Hour (Kitty Norville Series, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Kitty and the Midnight Hour (Kitty Norville Series, Book 1)?
What is Long Way Down about?
Who is the author of Long Way Down?
When was Long Way Down published?
What is the genre of Long Way Down?
How many pages does Long Way Down have?
Can you summarize Long Way Down?
What is The World Is Flat [Updated and Expanded] about?
Who is the author of The World Is Flat [Updated and Expanded]?
When was The World Is Flat [Updated and Expanded] published?
What is the genre of The World Is Flat [Updated and Expanded]?
How many pages does The World Is Flat [Updated and Expanded] have?
Can you summarize The World Is Flat [Updated and Expanded]?
What is Saving Fish from Drowning about?
Who is the author of Saving Fish from Drowning?
When was Saving Fish from Drowning published?
What is the genre of Saving Fish from Drowning?
How many pages does Saving Fish from Drowning have?
Can you summarize Saving Fish from Drowning?
What is Cross Bones (Temperance Brennan Novels) about?
Who is the author of Cross Bones (Temperance Brennan Novels)?
When was Cross Bones (Temperance Brennan Novels) published?
What is the genre of Cross Bones (Temperance Brennan Novels)?
How many pages does Cross Bones (Temperance Brennan Novels) have?
Can you summarize Cross Bones (Temperance Brennan Novels)?
What is Cast in Shadow (The Cast Series, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Cast in Shadow (The Cast Series, Book 1)?
When was Cast in Shadow (The Cast Series, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Cast in Shadow (The Cast Series, Book 1)?
How many pages does Cast in Shadow (The Cast Series, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Cast in Shadow (The Cast Series, Book 1)?
What is Consider the lobster, and other essays about?
Who is the author of Consider the lobster, and other essays?
When was Consider the lobster, and other essays published?
What is the genre of Consider the lobster, and other essays?
How many pages does Consider the lobster, and other essays have?
Can you summarize Consider the lobster, and other essays?
What is Slow Man about?
Who is the author of Slow Man?
When was Slow Man published?
What is the genre of Slow Man?
How many pages does Slow Man have?
Can you summarize Slow Man?
What is Still Life
            
                Chief Inspector Gamache Novel about?
Who is the author of Still Life
            
                Chief Inspector Gamache Novel?
When was Still Life
            
                Chief Inspector Gamache Novel published?
What is the genre of Still Life
            
                Chief Inspector Gamache Novel?
How many pages does Still Life
            
                Chief Inspector Gamache Novel have?
Can you summarize Still Life
            
                Chief Inspector Gamache Novel?
What is Midnighters #2 about?
Who is the author of Midnighters #2?
When was Midnighters #2 published?
What is the genre of Midnighters #2?
How many pages does Midnighters #2 have?
Can you summarize Midnighters #2?
What is Spin about?
Who is the author of Spin?
When was Spin published?
What is the genre of Spin?
How many pages does Spin have?
Can you summarize Spin?
What is Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys about?
Who is the author of Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys?
When was Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys published?
What is the genre of Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys?
How many pages does Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys have?
Can you summarize Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys?
What is The inheritance of loss about?
Who is the author of The inheritance of loss?
When was The inheritance of loss published?
What is the genre of The inheritance of loss?
How many pages does The inheritance of loss have?
Can you summarize The inheritance of loss?
What is The Fairy Tale Detectives about?
Who is the author of The Fairy Tale Detectives?
When was The Fairy Tale Detectives published?
What is the genre of The Fairy Tale Detectives?
How many pages does The Fairy Tale Detectives have?
Can you summarize The Fairy Tale Detectives?
What is Teacher Man about?
Who is the author of Teacher Man?
When was Teacher Man published?
What is the genre of Teacher Man?
How many pages does Teacher Man have?
Can you summarize Teacher Man?
What is The Lighthouse An Adam Dalgliesh Mystery about?
Who is the author of The Lighthouse An Adam Dalgliesh Mystery?
When was The Lighthouse An Adam Dalgliesh Mystery published?
What is the genre of The Lighthouse An Adam Dalgliesh Mystery?
How many pages does The Lighthouse An Adam Dalgliesh Mystery have?
Can you summarize The Lighthouse An Adam Dalgliesh Mystery?
What is An Abundance of Katherines about?
Who is the author of An Abundance of Katherines?
When was An Abundance of Katherines published?
What is the genre of An Abundance of Katherines?
How many pages does An Abundance of Katherines have?
Can you summarize An Abundance of Katherines?
What is Fledgling about?
Who is the author of Fledgling?
When was Fledgling published?
What is the genre of Fledgling?
How many pages does Fledgling have?
Can you summarize Fledgling?
What is Conrad's Fate (Chrestomanci Books) about?
Who is the author of Conrad's Fate (Chrestomanci Books)?
When was Conrad's Fate (Chrestomanci Books) published?
What is the genre of Conrad's Fate (Chrestomanci Books)?
How many pages does Conrad's Fate (Chrestomanci Books) have?
Can you summarize Conrad's Fate (Chrestomanci Books)?
What is Shadow of the Giant about?
Who is the author of Shadow of the Giant?
When was Shadow of the Giant published?
What is the genre of Shadow of the Giant?
How many pages does Shadow of the Giant have?
Can you summarize Shadow of the Giant?
What is Misquoting Jesus about?
Who is the author of Misquoting Jesus?
When was Misquoting Jesus published?
What is the genre of Misquoting Jesus?
How many pages does Misquoting Jesus have?
Can you summarize Misquoting Jesus?
What is Europe central about?
Who is the author of Europe central?
When was Europe central published?
What is the genre of Europe central?
How many pages does Europe central have?
Can you summarize Europe central?
What is Dance of death about?
Who is the author of Dance of death?
When was Dance of death published?
What is the genre of Dance of death?
How many pages does Dance of death have?
Can you summarize Dance of death?
What is Every which way but dead about?
Who is the author of Every which way but dead?
When was Every which way but dead published?
What is the genre of Every which way but dead?
How many pages does Every which way but dead have?
Can you summarize Every which way but dead?
What is Beyond Black about?
Who is the author of Beyond Black?
When was Beyond Black published?
What is the genre of Beyond Black?
How many pages does Beyond Black have?
Can you summarize Beyond Black?
What is Valiant about?
Who is the author of Valiant?
When was Valiant published?
What is the genre of Valiant?
How many pages does Valiant have?
Can you summarize Valiant?
What is The Big Over Easy about?
Who is the author of The Big Over Easy?
When was The Big Over Easy published?
What is the genre of The Big Over Easy?
How many pages does The Big Over Easy have?
Can you summarize The Big Over Easy?
What is Zorro LP about?
Who is the author of Zorro LP?
When was Zorro LP published?
What is the genre of Zorro LP?
How many pages does Zorro LP have?
Can you summarize Zorro LP?
What is the accidental about?
Who is the author of the accidental?
When was the accidental published?
What is the genre of the accidental?
How many pages does the accidental have?
Can you summarize the accidental?
What is Shaman's Crossing about?
Who is the author of Shaman's Crossing?
When was Shaman's Crossing published?
What is the genre of Shaman's Crossing?
How many pages does Shaman's Crossing have?
Can you summarize Shaman's Crossing?
What is The Closers (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of The Closers (Harry Bosch)?
When was The Closers (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of The Closers (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does The Closers (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize The Closers (Harry Bosch)?
What is Masque of the Black Tulip about?
Who is the author of Masque of the Black Tulip?
When was Masque of the Black Tulip published?
What is the genre of Masque of the Black Tulip?
How many pages does Masque of the Black Tulip have?
Can you summarize Masque of the Black Tulip?
What is Midnighters #3 about?
Who is the author of Midnighters #3?
When was Midnighters #3 published?
What is the genre of Midnighters #3?
How many pages does Midnighters #3 have?
Can you summarize Midnighters #3?
What is A secret atlas about?
Who is the author of A secret atlas?
When was A secret atlas published?
What is the genre of A secret atlas?
How many pages does A secret atlas have?
Can you summarize A secret atlas?
What is Gentlemen and players about?
Who is the author of Gentlemen and players?
When was Gentlemen and players published?
What is the genre of Gentlemen and players?
How many pages does Gentlemen and players have?
Can you summarize Gentlemen and players?
What is Red Lily about?
Who is the author of Red Lily?
When was Red Lily published?
What is the genre of Red Lily?
How many pages does Red Lily have?
Can you summarize Red Lily?
What is Od Magic about?
Who is the author of Od Magic?
When was Od Magic published?
What is the genre of Od Magic?
How many pages does Od Magic have?
Can you summarize Od Magic?
What is A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare about?
Who is the author of A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare?
When was A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare published?
What is the genre of A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare?
How many pages does A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare have?
Can you summarize A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare?
What is Saturday about?
Who is the author of Saturday?
When was Saturday published?
What is the genre of Saturday?
How many pages does Saturday have?
Can you summarize Saturday?
What is Shalimar the Clown about?
Who is the author of Shalimar the Clown?
When was Shalimar the Clown published?
What is the genre of Shalimar the Clown?
How many pages does Shalimar the Clown have?
Can you summarize Shalimar the Clown?
What is Freakonomics about?
Who is the author of Freakonomics?
When was Freakonomics published?
What is the genre of Freakonomics?
How many pages does Freakonomics have?
Can you summarize Freakonomics?
What is What angels fear about?
Who is the author of What angels fear?
When was What angels fear published?
What is the genre of What angels fear?
How many pages does What angels fear have?
Can you summarize What angels fear?
What is Spook about?
Who is the author of Spook?
When was Spook published?
What is the genre of Spook?
How many pages does Spook have?
Can you summarize Spook?
What is Zen Shorts about?
Who is the author of Zen Shorts?
When was Zen Shorts published?
What is the genre of Zen Shorts?
How many pages does Zen Shorts have?
Can you summarize Zen Shorts?
What is Water for elephants about?
Who is the author of Water for elephants?
When was Water for elephants published?
What is the genre of Water for elephants?
How many pages does Water for elephants have?
Can you summarize Water for elephants?
What is The Road about?
Who is the author of The Road?
When was The Road published?
What is the genre of The Road?
How many pages does The Road have?
Can you summarize The Road?
What is The Girl Who Played with Fire about?
Who is the author of The Girl Who Played with Fire?
When was The Girl Who Played with Fire published?
What is the genre of The Girl Who Played with Fire?
How many pages does The Girl Who Played with Fire have?
Can you summarize The Girl Who Played with Fire?
What is Eat, pray, love about?
Who is the author of Eat, pray, love?
When was Eat, pray, love published?
What is the genre of Eat, pray, love?
How many pages does Eat, pray, love have?
Can you summarize Eat, pray, love?
What is The Sea of Monsters about?
Who is the author of The Sea of Monsters?
When was The Sea of Monsters published?
What is the genre of The Sea of Monsters?
How many pages does The Sea of Monsters have?
Can you summarize The Sea of Monsters?
What is The Thirteenth Tale about?
Who is the author of The Thirteenth Tale?
When was The Thirteenth Tale published?
What is the genre of The Thirteenth Tale?
How many pages does The Thirteenth Tale have?
Can you summarize The Thirteenth Tale?
What is An Abundance of Katherines about?
Who is the author of An Abundance of Katherines?
When was An Abundance of Katherines published?
What is the genre of An Abundance of Katherines?
How many pages does An Abundance of Katherines have?
Can you summarize An Abundance of Katherines?
What is Three Cups of Tea about?
Who is the author of Three Cups of Tea?
When was Three Cups of Tea published?
What is the genre of Three Cups of Tea?
How many pages does Three Cups of Tea have?
Can you summarize Three Cups of Tea?
What is Specials about?
Who is the author of Specials?
When was Specials published?
What is the genre of Specials?
How many pages does Specials have?
Can you summarize Specials?
What is Moon Called about?
Who is the author of Moon Called?
When was Moon Called published?
What is the genre of Moon Called?
How many pages does Moon Called have?
Can you summarize Moon Called?
What is World War Z about?
Who is the author of World War Z?
When was World War Z published?
What is the genre of World War Z?
How many pages does World War Z have?
Can you summarize World War Z?
What is His Majesty's dragon about?
Who is the author of His Majesty's dragon?
When was His Majesty's dragon published?
What is the genre of His Majesty's dragon?
How many pages does His Majesty's dragon have?
Can you summarize His Majesty's dragon?
What is The Omnivore's Dilemma about?
Who is the author of The Omnivore's Dilemma?
When was The Omnivore's Dilemma published?
What is the genre of The Omnivore's Dilemma?
How many pages does The Omnivore's Dilemma have?
Can you summarize The Omnivore's Dilemma?
What is Definitely Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 6) about?
Who is the author of Definitely Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 6)?
When was Definitely Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 6) published?
What is the genre of Definitely Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 6)?
How many pages does Definitely Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 6) have?
Can you summarize Definitely Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 6)?
What is Just Listen about?
Who is the author of Just Listen?
When was Just Listen published?
What is the genre of Just Listen?
How many pages does Just Listen have?
Can you summarize Just Listen?
What is The Final Empire (Mistborn, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of The Final Empire (Mistborn, Book 1)?
When was The Final Empire (Mistborn, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of The Final Empire (Mistborn, Book 1)?
How many pages does The Final Empire (Mistborn, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize The Final Empire (Mistborn, Book 1)?
What is Fun Home about?
Who is the author of Fun Home?
When was Fun Home published?
What is the genre of Fun Home?
How many pages does Fun Home have?
Can you summarize Fun Home?
What is I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1) about?
Who is the author of I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1)?
When was I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1) published?
What is the genre of I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1)?
How many pages does I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1) have?
Can you summarize I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You (Gallagher Girls #1)?
What is A Dirty Job about?
Who is the author of A Dirty Job?
When was A Dirty Job published?
What is the genre of A Dirty Job?
How many pages does A Dirty Job have?
Can you summarize A Dirty Job?
What is The God delusion about?
Who is the author of The God delusion?
When was The God delusion published?
What is the genre of The God delusion?
How many pages does The God delusion have?
Can you summarize The God delusion?
What is The Boleyn Inheritance about?
Who is the author of The Boleyn Inheritance?
When was The Boleyn Inheritance published?
What is the genre of The Boleyn Inheritance?
How many pages does The Boleyn Inheritance have?
Can you summarize The Boleyn Inheritance?
What is Dear John about?
Who is the author of Dear John?
When was Dear John published?
What is the genre of Dear John?
How many pages does Dear John have?
Can you summarize Dear John?
What is The Lies of Locke Lamora about?
Who is the author of The Lies of Locke Lamora?
When was The Lies of Locke Lamora published?
What is the genre of The Lies of Locke Lamora?
How many pages does The Lies of Locke Lamora have?
Can you summarize The Lies of Locke Lamora?
What is Blue Bloods about?
Who is the author of Blue Bloods?
When was Blue Bloods published?
What is the genre of Blue Bloods?
How many pages does Blue Bloods have?
Can you summarize Blue Bloods?
What is Half of a Yellow Sun about?
Who is the author of Half of a Yellow Sun?
When was Half of a Yellow Sun published?
What is the genre of Half of a Yellow Sun?
How many pages does Half of a Yellow Sun have?
Can you summarize Half of a Yellow Sun?
What is The Blind Side about?
Who is the author of The Blind Side?
When was The Blind Side published?
What is the genre of The Blind Side?
How many pages does The Blind Side have?
Can you summarize The Blind Side?
What is A Series of Unfortunate Events about?
Who is the author of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
When was A Series of Unfortunate Events published?
What is the genre of A Series of Unfortunate Events?
How many pages does A Series of Unfortunate Events have?
Can you summarize A Series of Unfortunate Events?
What is Sarah's Key about?
Who is the author of Sarah's Key?
When was Sarah's Key published?
What is the genre of Sarah's Key?
How many pages does Sarah's Key have?
Can you summarize Sarah's Key?
What is Terrier (Beka Cooper) about?
Who is the author of Terrier (Beka Cooper)?
When was Terrier (Beka Cooper) published?
What is the genre of Terrier (Beka Cooper)?
How many pages does Terrier (Beka Cooper) have?
Can you summarize Terrier (Beka Cooper)?
What is The Orphan's Tales about?
Who is the author of The Orphan's Tales?
When was The Orphan's Tales published?
What is the genre of The Orphan's Tales?
How many pages does The Orphan's Tales have?
Can you summarize The Orphan's Tales?
What is The Elegance of the Hedgehog about?
Who is the author of The Elegance of the Hedgehog?
When was The Elegance of the Hedgehog published?
What is the genre of The Elegance of the Hedgehog?
How many pages does The Elegance of the Hedgehog have?
Can you summarize The Elegance of the Hedgehog?
What is Darkfever (Fever Series, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Darkfever (Fever Series, Book 1)?
When was Darkfever (Fever Series, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Darkfever (Fever Series, Book 1)?
How many pages does Darkfever (Fever Series, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Darkfever (Fever Series, Book 1)?
What is Walden about?
Who is the author of Walden?
When was Walden published?
What is the genre of Walden?
How many pages does Walden have?
Can you summarize Walden?
What is The Stolen Child about?
Who is the author of The Stolen Child?
When was The Stolen Child published?
What is the genre of The Stolen Child?
How many pages does The Stolen Child have?
Can you summarize The Stolen Child?
What is My life in France about?
Who is the author of My life in France?
When was My life in France published?
What is the genre of My life in France?
How many pages does My life in France have?
Can you summarize My life in France?
What is Beguilement (The Sharing Knife, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Beguilement (The Sharing Knife, Book 1)?
When was Beguilement (The Sharing Knife, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Beguilement (The Sharing Knife, Book 1)?
How many pages does Beguilement (The Sharing Knife, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Beguilement (The Sharing Knife, Book 1)?
What is On The Jellicoe Road about?
Who is the author of On The Jellicoe Road?
When was On The Jellicoe Road published?
What is the genre of On The Jellicoe Road?
How many pages does On The Jellicoe Road have?
Can you summarize On The Jellicoe Road?
What is It's Kind of a Funny Story about?
Who is the author of It's Kind of a Funny Story?
When was It's Kind of a Funny Story published?
What is the genre of It's Kind of a Funny Story?
How many pages does It's Kind of a Funny Story have?
Can you summarize It's Kind of a Funny Story?
What is The Blade Itself about?
Who is the author of The Blade Itself?
When was The Blade Itself published?
What is the genre of The Blade Itself?
How many pages does The Blade Itself have?
Can you summarize The Blade Itself?
What is Mayflower about?
Who is the author of Mayflower?
When was Mayflower published?
What is the genre of Mayflower?
How many pages does Mayflower have?
Can you summarize Mayflower?
What is The Morganville Vampires Series about?
Who is the author of The Morganville Vampires Series?
When was The Morganville Vampires Series published?
What is the genre of The Morganville Vampires Series?
How many pages does The Morganville Vampires Series have?
Can you summarize The Morganville Vampires Series?
What is For One More Day about?
Who is the author of For One More Day?
When was For One More Day published?
What is the genre of For One More Day?
How many pages does For One More Day have?
Can you summarize For One More Day?
What is The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid about?
Who is the author of The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid?
When was The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid published?
What is the genre of The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid?
How many pages does The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid have?
Can you summarize The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid?
What is The miraculous journey of Edward Tulane about?
Who is the author of The miraculous journey of Edward Tulane?
When was The miraculous journey of Edward Tulane published?
What is the genre of The miraculous journey of Edward Tulane?
How many pages does The miraculous journey of Edward Tulane have?
Can you summarize The miraculous journey of Edward Tulane?
What is Angels Fall about?
Who is the author of Angels Fall?
When was Angels Fall published?
What is the genre of Angels Fall?
How many pages does Angels Fall have?
Can you summarize Angels Fall?
What is Fablehaven about?
Who is the author of Fablehaven?
When was Fablehaven published?
What is the genre of Fablehaven?
How many pages does Fablehaven have?
Can you summarize Fablehaven?
What is The King of Attolia about?
Who is the author of The King of Attolia?
When was The King of Attolia published?
What is the genre of The King of Attolia?
How many pages does The King of Attolia have?
Can you summarize The King of Attolia?
What is Black Swan Green about?
Who is the author of Black Swan Green?
When was Black Swan Green published?
What is the genre of Black Swan Green?
How many pages does Black Swan Green have?
Can you summarize Black Swan Green?
What is The Tenth Circle about?
Who is the author of The Tenth Circle?
When was The Tenth Circle published?
What is the genre of The Tenth Circle?
How many pages does The Tenth Circle have?
Can you summarize The Tenth Circle?
What is The Audacity of Hope about?
Who is the author of The Audacity of Hope?
When was The Audacity of Hope published?
What is the genre of The Audacity of Hope?
How many pages does The Audacity of Hope have?
Can you summarize The Audacity of Hope?
What is The house at Riverton about?
Who is the author of The house at Riverton?
When was The house at Riverton published?
What is the genre of The house at Riverton?
How many pages does The house at Riverton have?
Can you summarize The house at Riverton?
What is The Ghost Map about?
Who is the author of The Ghost Map?
When was The Ghost Map published?
What is the genre of The Ghost Map?
How many pages does The Ghost Map have?
Can you summarize The Ghost Map?
What is Dairy queen about?
Who is the author of Dairy queen?
When was Dairy queen published?
What is the genre of Dairy queen?
How many pages does Dairy queen have?
Can you summarize Dairy queen?
What is The Absolute Sandman, Vol. 1 about?
Who is the author of The Absolute Sandman, Vol. 1?
When was The Absolute Sandman, Vol. 1 published?
What is the genre of The Absolute Sandman, Vol. 1?
How many pages does The Absolute Sandman, Vol. 1 have?
Can you summarize The Absolute Sandman, Vol. 1?
What is The Book of Lost Things about?
Who is the author of The Book of Lost Things?
When was The Book of Lost Things published?
What is the genre of The Book of Lost Things?
How many pages does The Book of Lost Things have?
Can you summarize The Book of Lost Things?
What is A Fistful of Charms (Rachel Morgan, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of A Fistful of Charms (Rachel Morgan, Book 4)?
When was A Fistful of Charms (Rachel Morgan, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of A Fistful of Charms (Rachel Morgan, Book 4)?
How many pages does A Fistful of Charms (Rachel Morgan, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize A Fistful of Charms (Rachel Morgan, Book 4)?
What is Cell about?
Who is the author of Cell?
When was Cell published?
What is the genre of Cell?
How many pages does Cell have?
Can you summarize Cell?
What is Throne of Jade (Temeraire, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Throne of Jade (Temeraire, Book 2)?
When was Throne of Jade (Temeraire, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Throne of Jade (Temeraire, Book 2)?
How many pages does Throne of Jade (Temeraire, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Throne of Jade (Temeraire, Book 2)?
What is In the Company of the Courtesan about?
Who is the author of In the Company of the Courtesan?
When was In the Company of the Courtesan published?
What is the genre of In the Company of the Courtesan?
How many pages does In the Company of the Courtesan have?
Can you summarize In the Company of the Courtesan?
What is Medicus about?
Who is the author of Medicus?
When was Medicus published?
What is the genre of Medicus?
How many pages does Medicus have?
Can you summarize Medicus?
What is Sold about?
Who is the author of Sold?
When was Sold published?
What is the genre of Sold?
How many pages does Sold have?
Can you summarize Sold?
What is The Looming Tower about?
Who is the author of The Looming Tower?
When was The Looming Tower published?
What is the genre of The Looming Tower?
How many pages does The Looming Tower have?
Can you summarize The Looming Tower?
What is The Ruins about?
Who is the author of The Ruins?
When was The Ruins published?
What is the genre of The Ruins?
How many pages does The Ruins have?
Can you summarize The Ruins?
What is The Pinhoe Egg (Chrestomanci, Book 6) about?
Who is the author of The Pinhoe Egg (Chrestomanci, Book 6)?
When was The Pinhoe Egg (Chrestomanci, Book 6) published?
What is the genre of The Pinhoe Egg (Chrestomanci, Book 6)?
How many pages does The Pinhoe Egg (Chrestomanci, Book 6) have?
Can you summarize The Pinhoe Egg (Chrestomanci, Book 6)?
What is Sovereign about?
Who is the author of Sovereign?
When was Sovereign published?
What is the genre of Sovereign?
How many pages does Sovereign have?
Can you summarize Sovereign?
What is The Emperor's Children about?
Who is the author of The Emperor's Children?
When was The Emperor's Children published?
What is the genre of The Emperor's Children?
How many pages does The Emperor's Children have?
Can you summarize The Emperor's Children?
What is What Is the What about?
Who is the author of What Is the What?
When was What Is the What published?
What is the genre of What Is the What?
How many pages does What Is the What have?
Can you summarize What Is the What?
What is Break No Bones about?
Who is the author of Break No Bones?
When was Break No Bones published?
What is the genre of Break No Bones?
How many pages does Break No Bones have?
Can you summarize Break No Bones?
What is Kushiel's Scion (Kushiel's Legacy) about?
Who is the author of Kushiel's Scion (Kushiel's Legacy)?
When was Kushiel's Scion (Kushiel's Legacy) published?
What is the genre of Kushiel's Scion (Kushiel's Legacy)?
How many pages does Kushiel's Scion (Kushiel's Legacy) have?
Can you summarize Kushiel's Scion (Kushiel's Legacy)?
What is The Collectors about?
Who is the author of The Collectors?
When was The Collectors published?
What is the genre of The Collectors?
How many pages does The Collectors have?
Can you summarize The Collectors?
What is School's out-- forever about?
Who is the author of School's out-- forever?
When was School's out-- forever published?
What is the genre of School's out-- forever?
How many pages does School's out-- forever have?
Can you summarize School's out-- forever?
What is Farthing about?
Who is the author of Farthing?
When was Farthing published?
What is the genre of Farthing?
How many pages does Farthing have?
Can you summarize Farthing?
What is Size 14 Is Not Fat Either about?
Who is the author of Size 14 Is Not Fat Either?
When was Size 14 Is Not Fat Either published?
What is the genre of Size 14 Is Not Fat Either?
How many pages does Size 14 Is Not Fat Either have?
Can you summarize Size 14 Is Not Fat Either?
What is Echo Park about?
Who is the author of Echo Park?
When was Echo Park published?
What is the genre of Echo Park?
How many pages does Echo Park have?
Can you summarize Echo Park?
What is The Worst Hard Time The Untold Story Of Those Who Survived The Great American Dust Bowl about?
Who is the author of The Worst Hard Time The Untold Story Of Those Who Survived The Great American Dust Bowl?
When was The Worst Hard Time The Untold Story Of Those Who Survived The Great American Dust Bowl published?
What is the genre of The Worst Hard Time The Untold Story Of Those Who Survived The Great American Dust Bowl?
How many pages does The Worst Hard Time The Untold Story Of Those Who Survived The Great American Dust Bowl have?
Can you summarize The Worst Hard Time The Untold Story Of Those Who Survived The Great American Dust Bowl?
What is Proven Guilty (The Dresden Files, Book 8) about?
Who is the author of Proven Guilty (The Dresden Files, Book 8)?
When was Proven Guilty (The Dresden Files, Book 8) published?
What is the genre of Proven Guilty (The Dresden Files, Book 8)?
How many pages does Proven Guilty (The Dresden Files, Book 8) have?
Can you summarize Proven Guilty (The Dresden Files, Book 8)?
What is Blindsight about?
Who is the author of Blindsight?
When was Blindsight published?
What is the genre of Blindsight?
How many pages does Blindsight have?
Can you summarize Blindsight?
What is Fourth Bear about?
Who is the author of Fourth Bear?
When was Fourth Bear published?
What is the genre of Fourth Bear?
How many pages does Fourth Bear have?
Can you summarize Fourth Bear?
What is Wild Fire about?
Who is the author of Wild Fire?
When was Wild Fire published?
What is the genre of Wild Fire?
How many pages does Wild Fire have?
Can you summarize Wild Fire?
What is Memory in Death (In Death) about?
Who is the author of Memory in Death (In Death)?
When was Memory in Death (In Death) published?
What is the genre of Memory in Death (In Death)?
How many pages does Memory in Death (In Death) have?
Can you summarize Memory in Death (In Death)?
What is Lover Awakened about?
Who is the author of Lover Awakened?
When was Lover Awakened published?
What is the genre of Lover Awakened?
How many pages does Lover Awakened have?
Can you summarize Lover Awakened?
What is The 5th Horseman (Patterson, James) about?
Who is the author of The 5th Horseman (Patterson, James)?
When was The 5th Horseman (Patterson, James) published?
What is the genre of The 5th Horseman (Patterson, James)?
How many pages does The 5th Horseman (Patterson, James) have?
Can you summarize The 5th Horseman (Patterson, James)?
What is The Book of the Dead about?
Who is the author of The Book of the Dead?
When was The Book of the Dead published?
What is the genre of The Book of the Dead?
How many pages does The Book of the Dead have?
Can you summarize The Book of the Dead?
What is The brief history of the dead about?
Who is the author of The brief history of the dead?
When was The brief history of the dead published?
What is the genre of The brief history of the dead?
How many pages does The brief history of the dead have?
Can you summarize The brief history of the dead?
What is Magic Study about?
Who is the author of Magic Study?
When was Magic Study published?
What is the genre of Magic Study?
How many pages does Magic Study have?
Can you summarize Magic Study?
What is Moral disorder about?
Who is the author of Moral disorder?
When was Moral disorder published?
What is the genre of Moral disorder?
How many pages does Moral disorder have?
Can you summarize Moral disorder?
What is Born in Death about?
Who is the author of Born in Death?
When was Born in Death published?
What is the genre of Born in Death?
How many pages does Born in Death have?
Can you summarize Born in Death?
What is The Cold Moon about?
Who is the author of The Cold Moon?
When was The Cold Moon published?
What is the genre of The Cold Moon?
How many pages does The Cold Moon have?
Can you summarize The Cold Moon?
What is Greywalker (Greywalker, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Greywalker (Greywalker, Book 1)?
When was Greywalker (Greywalker, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Greywalker (Greywalker, Book 1)?
How many pages does Greywalker (Greywalker, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Greywalker (Greywalker, Book 1)?
What is Special Topics in Calamity Physics about?
Who is the author of Special Topics in Calamity Physics?
When was Special Topics in Calamity Physics published?
What is the genre of Special Topics in Calamity Physics?
How many pages does Special Topics in Calamity Physics have?
Can you summarize Special Topics in Calamity Physics?
What is Augustus about?
Who is the author of Augustus?
When was Augustus published?
What is the genre of Augustus?
How many pages does Augustus have?
Can you summarize Augustus?
What is Eclipse about?
Who is the author of Eclipse?
When was Eclipse published?
What is the genre of Eclipse?
How many pages does Eclipse have?
Can you summarize Eclipse?
What is A Thousand Splendid Suns about?
Who is the author of A Thousand Splendid Suns?
When was A Thousand Splendid Suns published?
What is the genre of A Thousand Splendid Suns?
How many pages does A Thousand Splendid Suns have?
Can you summarize A Thousand Splendid Suns?
What is City of Bones about?
Who is the author of City of Bones?
When was City of Bones published?
What is the genre of City of Bones?
How many pages does City of Bones have?
Can you summarize City of Bones?
What is The Name of the Wind about?
Who is the author of The Name of the Wind?
When was The Name of the Wind published?
What is the genre of The Name of the Wind?
How many pages does The Name of the Wind have?
Can you summarize The Name of the Wind?
What is The girl who kicked the hornet's nest about?
Who is the author of The girl who kicked the hornet's nest?
When was The girl who kicked the hornet's nest published?
What is the genre of The girl who kicked the hornet's nest?
How many pages does The girl who kicked the hornet's nest have?
Can you summarize The girl who kicked the hornet's nest?
What is Vampire Academy about?
Who is the author of Vampire Academy?
When was Vampire Academy published?
What is the genre of Vampire Academy?
How many pages does Vampire Academy have?
Can you summarize Vampire Academy?
What is Percy Jackson and the Titan's Curse about?
Who is the author of Percy Jackson and the Titan's Curse?
When was Percy Jackson and the Titan's Curse published?
What is the genre of Percy Jackson and the Titan's Curse?
How many pages does Percy Jackson and the Titan's Curse have?
Can you summarize Percy Jackson and the Titan's Curse?
What is Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition about?
Who is the author of Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition?
When was Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition published?
What is the genre of Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition?
How many pages does Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition have?
Can you summarize Thirteen Reasons Why 10th Anniversary Edition?
What is The Sweet Far Thing about?
Who is the author of The Sweet Far Thing?
When was The Sweet Far Thing published?
What is the genre of The Sweet Far Thing?
How many pages does The Sweet Far Thing have?
Can you summarize The Sweet Far Thing?
What is The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian about?
Who is the author of The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian?
When was The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian published?
What is the genre of The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian?
How many pages does The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian have?
Can you summarize The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian?
What is The tales of Beedle the Bard about?
Who is the author of The tales of Beedle the Bard?
When was The tales of Beedle the Bard published?
What is the genre of The tales of Beedle the Bard?
How many pages does The tales of Beedle the Bard have?
Can you summarize The tales of Beedle the Bard?
What is Sarah's Key about?
Who is the author of Sarah's Key?
When was Sarah's Key published?
What is the genre of Sarah's Key?
How many pages does Sarah's Key have?
Can you summarize Sarah's Key?
What is The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao about?
Who is the author of The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao?
When was The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao published?
What is the genre of The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao?
How many pages does The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao have?
Can you summarize The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao?
What is Nineteen minutes about?
Who is the author of Nineteen minutes?
When was Nineteen minutes published?
What is the genre of Nineteen minutes?
How many pages does Nineteen minutes have?
Can you summarize Nineteen minutes?
What is Beastly about?
Who is the author of Beastly?
When was Beastly published?
What is the genre of Beastly?
How many pages does Beastly have?
Can you summarize Beastly?
What is The Yiddish Policemen's Union about?
Who is the author of The Yiddish Policemen's Union?
When was The Yiddish Policemen's Union published?
What is the genre of The Yiddish Policemen's Union?
How many pages does The Yiddish Policemen's Union have?
Can you summarize The Yiddish Policemen's Union?
What is Still Alice about?
Who is the author of Still Alice?
When was Still Alice published?
What is the genre of Still Alice?
How many pages does Still Alice have?
Can you summarize Still Alice?
What is Marked about?
Who is the author of Marked?
When was Marked published?
What is the genre of Marked?
How many pages does Marked have?
Can you summarize Marked?
What is Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy about?
Who is the author of Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy?
When was Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy published?
What is the genre of Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy?
How many pages does Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy have?
Can you summarize Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy?
What is Unwind about?
Who is the author of Unwind?
When was Unwind published?
What is the genre of Unwind?
How many pages does Unwind have?
Can you summarize Unwind?
What is Evermore about?
Who is the author of Evermore?
When was Evermore published?
What is the genre of Evermore?
How many pages does Evermore have?
Can you summarize Evermore?
What is Heart-Shaped Box about?
Who is the author of Heart-Shaped Box?
When was Heart-Shaped Box published?
What is the genre of Heart-Shaped Box?
How many pages does Heart-Shaped Box have?
Can you summarize Heart-Shaped Box?
What is Blood Bound (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Blood Bound (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 2)?
When was Blood Bound (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Blood Bound (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 2)?
How many pages does Blood Bound (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Blood Bound (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 2)?
What is Halfway to the Grave about?
Who is the author of Halfway to the Grave?
When was Halfway to the Grave published?
What is the genre of Halfway to the Grave?
How many pages does Halfway to the Grave have?
Can you summarize Halfway to the Grave?
What is On Chesil Beach about?
Who is the author of On Chesil Beach?
When was On Chesil Beach published?
What is the genre of On Chesil Beach?
How many pages does On Chesil Beach have?
Can you summarize On Chesil Beach?
What is The Woods about?
Who is the author of The Woods?
When was The Woods published?
What is the genre of The Woods?
How many pages does The Woods have?
Can you summarize The Woods?
What is Narn i chîn Húrin about?
Who is the author of Narn i chîn Húrin?
When was Narn i chîn Húrin published?
What is the genre of Narn i chîn Húrin?
How many pages does Narn i chîn Húrin have?
Can you summarize Narn i chîn Húrin?
What is The Moses Expedition about?
Who is the author of The Moses Expedition?
When was The Moses Expedition published?
What is the genre of The Moses Expedition?
How many pages does The Moses Expedition have?
Can you summarize The Moses Expedition?
What is Brisingr about?
Who is the author of Brisingr?
When was Brisingr published?
What is the genre of Brisingr?
How many pages does Brisingr have?
Can you summarize Brisingr?
What is Wicked Lovely about?
Who is the author of Wicked Lovely?
When was Wicked Lovely published?
What is the genre of Wicked Lovely?
How many pages does Wicked Lovely have?
Can you summarize Wicked Lovely?
What is Dance With Deception about?
Who is the author of Dance With Deception?
When was Dance With Deception published?
What is the genre of Dance With Deception?
How many pages does Dance With Deception have?
Can you summarize Dance With Deception?
What is Garden Spells about?
Who is the author of Garden Spells?
When was Garden Spells published?
What is the genre of Garden Spells?
How many pages does Garden Spells have?
Can you summarize Garden Spells?
What is The Well of Ascension about?
Who is the author of The Well of Ascension?
When was The Well of Ascension published?
What is the genre of The Well of Ascension?
How many pages does The Well of Ascension have?
Can you summarize The Well of Ascension?
What is The Likeness about?
Who is the author of The Likeness?
When was The Likeness published?
What is the genre of The Likeness?
How many pages does The Likeness have?
Can you summarize The Likeness?
What is First Among Sequels about?
Who is the author of First Among Sequels?
When was First Among Sequels published?
What is the genre of First Among Sequels?
How many pages does First Among Sequels have?
Can you summarize First Among Sequels?
What is Then we came to the end about?
Who is the author of Then we came to the end?
When was Then we came to the end published?
What is the genre of Then we came to the end?
How many pages does Then we came to the end have?
Can you summarize Then we came to the end?
What is The Alchemyst The Secrets Of The Immortal Nicholas Flamel about?
Who is the author of The Alchemyst The Secrets Of The Immortal Nicholas Flamel?
When was The Alchemyst The Secrets Of The Immortal Nicholas Flamel published?
What is the genre of The Alchemyst The Secrets Of The Immortal Nicholas Flamel?
How many pages does The Alchemyst The Secrets Of The Immortal Nicholas Flamel have?
Can you summarize The Alchemyst The Secrets Of The Immortal Nicholas Flamel?
What is The Raw Shark Texts about?
Who is the author of The Raw Shark Texts?
When was The Raw Shark Texts published?
What is the genre of The Raw Shark Texts?
How many pages does The Raw Shark Texts have?
Can you summarize The Raw Shark Texts?
What is The Book of Negroes about?
Who is the author of The Book of Negroes?
When was The Book of Negroes published?
What is the genre of The Book of Negroes?
How many pages does The Book of Negroes have?
Can you summarize The Book of Negroes?
What is A Long Way Gone about?
Who is the author of A Long Way Gone?
When was A Long Way Gone published?
What is the genre of A Long Way Gone?
How many pages does A Long Way Gone have?
Can you summarize A Long Way Gone?
What is Before They Are Hanged about?
Who is the author of Before They Are Hanged?
When was Before They Are Hanged published?
What is the genre of Before They Are Hanged?
How many pages does Before They Are Hanged have?
Can you summarize Before They Are Hanged?
What is Peony in Love about?
Who is the author of Peony in Love?
When was Peony in Love published?
What is the genre of Peony in Love?
How many pages does Peony in Love have?
Can you summarize Peony in Love?
What is Einstein about?
Who is the author of Einstein?
When was Einstein published?
What is the genre of Einstein?
How many pages does Einstein have?
Can you summarize Einstein?
What is The abstinence teacher about?
Who is the author of The abstinence teacher?
When was The abstinence teacher published?
What is the genre of The abstinence teacher?
How many pages does The abstinence teacher have?
Can you summarize The abstinence teacher?
What is The Uncommon Reader about?
Who is the author of The Uncommon Reader?
When was The Uncommon Reader published?
What is the genre of The Uncommon Reader?
How many pages does The Uncommon Reader have?
Can you summarize The Uncommon Reader?
What is Twisted about?
Who is the author of Twisted?
When was Twisted published?
What is the genre of Twisted?
How many pages does Twisted have?
Can you summarize Twisted?
What is I am America (and so can you!) about?
Who is the author of I am America (and so can you!)?
When was I am America (and so can you!) published?
What is the genre of I am America (and so can you!)?
How many pages does I am America (and so can you!) have?
Can you summarize I am America (and so can you!)?
What is Labyrinth about?
Who is the author of Labyrinth?
When was Labyrinth published?
What is the genre of Labyrinth?
How many pages does Labyrinth have?
Can you summarize Labyrinth?
What is The Ghost about?
Who is the author of The Ghost?
When was The Ghost published?
What is the genre of The Ghost?
How many pages does The Ghost have?
Can you summarize The Ghost?
What is Succubus Blues about?
Who is the author of Succubus Blues?
When was Succubus Blues published?
What is the genre of Succubus Blues?
How many pages does Succubus Blues have?
Can you summarize Succubus Blues?
What is Book of a Thousand Days about?
Who is the author of Book of a Thousand Days?
When was Book of a Thousand Days published?
What is the genre of Book of a Thousand Days?
How many pages does Book of a Thousand Days have?
Can you summarize Book of a Thousand Days?
What is Betrayed about?
Who is the author of Betrayed?
When was Betrayed published?
What is the genre of Betrayed?
How many pages does Betrayed have?
Can you summarize Betrayed?
What is Empire of Ivory (Temeraire, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of Empire of Ivory (Temeraire, Book 4)?
When was Empire of Ivory (Temeraire, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of Empire of Ivory (Temeraire, Book 4)?
How many pages does Empire of Ivory (Temeraire, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize Empire of Ivory (Temeraire, Book 4)?
What is Shakespeare about?
Who is the author of Shakespeare?
When was Shakespeare published?
What is the genre of Shakespeare?
How many pages does Shakespeare have?
Can you summarize Shakespeare?
What is Heartsick about?
Who is the author of Heartsick?
When was Heartsick published?
What is the genre of Heartsick?
How many pages does Heartsick have?
Can you summarize Heartsick?
What is Masquerade about?
Who is the author of Masquerade?
When was Masquerade published?
What is the genre of Masquerade?
How many pages does Masquerade have?
Can you summarize Masquerade?
What is Innocent in Death about?
Who is the author of Innocent in Death?
When was Innocent in Death published?
What is the genre of Innocent in Death?
How many pages does Innocent in Death have?
Can you summarize Innocent in Death?
What is Zookeeper's Wife about?
Who is the author of Zookeeper's Wife?
When was Zookeeper's Wife published?
What is the genre of Zookeeper's Wife?
How many pages does Zookeeper's Wife have?
Can you summarize Zookeeper's Wife?
What is Lover Revealed about?
Who is the author of Lover Revealed?
When was Lover Revealed published?
What is the genre of Lover Revealed?
How many pages does Lover Revealed have?
Can you summarize Lover Revealed?
What is Creation in Death about?
Who is the author of Creation in Death?
When was Creation in Death published?
What is the genre of Creation in Death?
How many pages does Creation in Death have?
Can you summarize Creation in Death?
What is All Together Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 7) about?
Who is the author of All Together Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 7)?
When was All Together Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 7) published?
What is the genre of All Together Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 7)?
How many pages does All Together Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 7) have?
Can you summarize All Together Dead (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 7)?
What is The Secret Servant (Gabriel Allon) about?
Who is the author of The Secret Servant (Gabriel Allon)?
When was The Secret Servant (Gabriel Allon) published?
What is the genre of The Secret Servant (Gabriel Allon)?
How many pages does The Secret Servant (Gabriel Allon) have?
Can you summarize The Secret Servant (Gabriel Allon)?
What is Peter and the Starcatchers about?
Who is the author of Peter and the Starcatchers?
When was Peter and the Starcatchers published?
What is the genre of Peter and the Starcatchers?
How many pages does Peter and the Starcatchers have?
Can you summarize Peter and the Starcatchers?
What is The Overlook (Harry Bosch) about?
Who is the author of The Overlook (Harry Bosch)?
When was The Overlook (Harry Bosch) published?
What is the genre of The Overlook (Harry Bosch)?
How many pages does The Overlook (Harry Bosch) have?
Can you summarize The Overlook (Harry Bosch)?
What is Loving Frank about?
Who is the author of Loving Frank?
When was Loving Frank published?
What is the genre of Loving Frank?
How many pages does Loving Frank have?
Can you summarize Loving Frank?
What is Lover Unbound about?
Who is the author of Lover Unbound?
When was Lover Unbound published?
What is the genre of Lover Unbound?
How many pages does Lover Unbound have?
Can you summarize Lover Unbound?
What is For a Few Demons More (Rachel Morgan, Book 5) about?
Who is the author of For a Few Demons More (Rachel Morgan, Book 5)?
When was For a Few Demons More (Rachel Morgan, Book 5) published?
What is the genre of For a Few Demons More (Rachel Morgan, Book 5)?
How many pages does For a Few Demons More (Rachel Morgan, Book 5) have?
Can you summarize For a Few Demons More (Rachel Morgan, Book 5)?
What is Extras about?
Who is the author of Extras?
When was Extras published?
What is the genre of Extras?
How many pages does Extras have?
Can you summarize Extras?
What is The Wheel of Darkness about?
Who is the author of The Wheel of Darkness?
When was The Wheel of Darkness published?
What is the genre of The Wheel of Darkness?
How many pages does The Wheel of Darkness have?
Can you summarize The Wheel of Darkness?
What is An Ice Cold Grave about?
Who is the author of An Ice Cold Grave?
When was An Ice Cold Grave published?
What is the genre of An Ice Cold Grave?
How many pages does An Ice Cold Grave have?
Can you summarize An Ice Cold Grave?
What is Wildwood Dancing about?
Who is the author of Wildwood Dancing?
When was Wildwood Dancing published?
What is the genre of Wildwood Dancing?
How many pages does Wildwood Dancing have?
Can you summarize Wildwood Dancing?
What is Bloodfever (Fever Series, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Bloodfever (Fever Series, Book 2)?
When was Bloodfever (Fever Series, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Bloodfever (Fever Series, Book 2)?
How many pages does Bloodfever (Fever Series, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Bloodfever (Fever Series, Book 2)?
What is Love, Stargirl about?
Who is the author of Love, Stargirl?
When was Love, Stargirl published?
What is the genre of Love, Stargirl?
How many pages does Love, Stargirl have?
Can you summarize Love, Stargirl?
What is Bad Monkeys about?
Who is the author of Bad Monkeys?
When was Bad Monkeys published?
What is the genre of Bad Monkeys?
How many pages does Bad Monkeys have?
Can you summarize Bad Monkeys?
What is Before I die about?
Who is the author of Before I die?
When was Before I die published?
What is the genre of Before I die?
How many pages does Before I die have?
Can you summarize Before I die?
What is Big Boned about?
Who is the author of Big Boned?
When was Big Boned published?
What is the genre of Big Boned?
How many pages does Big Boned have?
Can you summarize Big Boned?
What is The Post-Birthday World about?
Who is the author of The Post-Birthday World?
When was The Post-Birthday World published?
What is the genre of The Post-Birthday World?
How many pages does The Post-Birthday World have?
Can you summarize The Post-Birthday World?
What is Rise of the Evening Star about?
Who is the author of Rise of the Evening Star?
When was Rise of the Evening Star published?
What is the genre of Rise of the Evening Star?
How many pages does Rise of the Evening Star have?
Can you summarize Rise of the Evening Star?
What is Bones to Ashes about?
Who is the author of Bones to Ashes?
When was Bones to Ashes published?
What is the genre of Bones to Ashes?
How many pages does Bones to Ashes have?
Can you summarize Bones to Ashes?
What is Blood Brothers (Sign of Seven Trilogy, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Blood Brothers (Sign of Seven Trilogy, Book 1)?
When was Blood Brothers (Sign of Seven Trilogy, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Blood Brothers (Sign of Seven Trilogy, Book 1)?
How many pages does Blood Brothers (Sign of Seven Trilogy, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Blood Brothers (Sign of Seven Trilogy, Book 1)?
What is Spook Country about?
Who is the author of Spook Country?
When was Spook Country published?
What is the genre of Spook Country?
How many pages does Spook Country have?
Can you summarize Spook Country?
What is The Year of Living Biblically about?
Who is the author of The Year of Living Biblically?
When was The Year of Living Biblically published?
What is the genre of The Year of Living Biblically?
How many pages does The Year of Living Biblically have?
Can you summarize The Year of Living Biblically?
What is Song Of The Sparrow about?
Who is the author of Song Of The Sparrow?
When was Song Of The Sparrow published?
What is the genre of Song Of The Sparrow?
How many pages does Song Of The Sparrow have?
Can you summarize Song Of The Sparrow?
What is Whatever You Do, Don't Run about?
Who is the author of Whatever You Do, Don't Run?
When was Whatever You Do, Don't Run published?
What is the genre of Whatever You Do, Don't Run?
How many pages does Whatever You Do, Don't Run have?
Can you summarize Whatever You Do, Don't Run?
What is Eternity in Death (In Death) about?
Who is the author of Eternity in Death (In Death)?
When was Eternity in Death (In Death) published?
What is the genre of Eternity in Death (In Death)?
How many pages does Eternity in Death (In Death) have?
Can you summarize Eternity in Death (In Death)?
What is In defense of food about?
Who is the author of In defense of food?
When was In defense of food published?
What is the genre of In defense of food?
How many pages does In defense of food have?
Can you summarize In defense of food?
What is Stray about?
Who is the author of Stray?
When was Stray published?
What is the genre of Stray?
How many pages does Stray have?
Can you summarize Stray?
What is Impulse about?
Who is the author of Impulse?
When was Impulse published?
What is the genre of Impulse?
How many pages does Impulse have?
Can you summarize Impulse?
What is Midnighters #3 about?
Who is the author of Midnighters #3?
When was Midnighters #3 published?
What is the genre of Midnighters #3?
How many pages does Midnighters #3 have?
Can you summarize Midnighters #3?
What is The Hunger Games about?
Who is the author of The Hunger Games?
When was The Hunger Games published?
What is the genre of The Hunger Games?
How many pages does The Hunger Games have?
Can you summarize The Hunger Games?
What is Breaking Dawn about?
Who is the author of Breaking Dawn?
When was Breaking Dawn published?
What is the genre of Breaking Dawn?
How many pages does Breaking Dawn have?
Can you summarize Breaking Dawn?
What is The Host about?
Who is the author of The Host?
When was The Host published?
What is the genre of The Host?
How many pages does The Host have?
Can you summarize The Host?
What is The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society about?
Who is the author of The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society?
When was The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society published?
What is the genre of The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society?
How many pages does The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society have?
Can you summarize The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society?
What is City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments) about?
Who is the author of City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments)?
When was City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments) published?
What is the genre of City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments)?
How many pages does City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments) have?
Can you summarize City of Ashes (Mortal Instruments)?
What is The Last Lecture about?
Who is the author of The Last Lecture?
When was The Last Lecture published?
What is the genre of The Last Lecture?
How many pages does The Last Lecture have?
Can you summarize The Last Lecture?
What is The Graveyard Book about?
Who is the author of The Graveyard Book?
When was The Graveyard Book published?
What is the genre of The Graveyard Book?
How many pages does The Graveyard Book have?
Can you summarize The Graveyard Book?
What is Graceling about?
Who is the author of Graceling?
When was Graceling published?
What is the genre of Graceling?
How many pages does Graceling have?
Can you summarize Graceling?
What is The Battle of the Labyrinth about?
Who is the author of The Battle of the Labyrinth?
When was The Battle of the Labyrinth published?
What is the genre of The Battle of the Labyrinth?
How many pages does The Battle of the Labyrinth have?
Can you summarize The Battle of the Labyrinth?
What is The Art of Racing in the Rain about?
Who is the author of The Art of Racing in the Rain?
When was The Art of Racing in the Rain published?
What is the genre of The Art of Racing in the Rain?
How many pages does The Art of Racing in the Rain have?
Can you summarize The Art of Racing in the Rain?
What is The Story of Edgar Sawtelle about?
Who is the author of The Story of Edgar Sawtelle?
When was The Story of Edgar Sawtelle published?
What is the genre of The Story of Edgar Sawtelle?
How many pages does The Story of Edgar Sawtelle have?
Can you summarize The Story of Edgar Sawtelle?
What is Unaccustomed Earth about?
Who is the author of Unaccustomed Earth?
When was Unaccustomed Earth published?
What is the genre of Unaccustomed Earth?
How many pages does Unaccustomed Earth have?
Can you summarize Unaccustomed Earth?
What is Paper Towns about?
Who is the author of Paper Towns?
When was Paper Towns published?
What is the genre of Paper Towns?
How many pages does Paper Towns have?
Can you summarize Paper Towns?
What is The tales of Beedle the Bard about?
Who is the author of The tales of Beedle the Bard?
When was The tales of Beedle the Bard published?
What is the genre of The tales of Beedle the Bard?
How many pages does The tales of Beedle the Bard have?
Can you summarize The tales of Beedle the Bard?
What is Brisingr about?
Who is the author of Brisingr?
When was Brisingr published?
What is the genre of Brisingr?
How many pages does Brisingr have?
Can you summarize Brisingr?
What is Shadow Kiss about?
Who is the author of Shadow Kiss?
When was Shadow Kiss published?
What is the genre of Shadow Kiss?
How many pages does Shadow Kiss have?
Can you summarize Shadow Kiss?
What is Untamed about?
Who is the author of Untamed?
When was Untamed published?
What is the genre of Untamed?
How many pages does Untamed have?
Can you summarize Untamed?
What is When You Are Engulfed In Flames about?
Who is the author of When You Are Engulfed In Flames?
When was When You Are Engulfed In Flames published?
What is the genre of When You Are Engulfed In Flames?
How many pages does When You Are Engulfed In Flames have?
Can you summarize When You Are Engulfed In Flames?
What is From Dead to Worse (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 8) about?
Who is the author of From Dead to Worse (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 8)?
When was From Dead to Worse (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 8) published?
What is the genre of From Dead to Worse (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 8)?
How many pages does From Dead to Worse (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 8) have?
Can you summarize From Dead to Worse (Southern Vampire Mysteries, Book 8)?
What is The gargoyle about?
Who is the author of The gargoyle?
When was The gargoyle published?
What is the genre of The gargoyle?
How many pages does The gargoyle have?
Can you summarize The gargoyle?
What is Little Brother about?
Who is the author of Little Brother?
When was Little Brother published?
What is the genre of Little Brother?
How many pages does Little Brother have?
Can you summarize Little Brother?
What is Chosen about?
Who is the author of Chosen?
When was Chosen published?
What is the genre of Chosen?
How many pages does Chosen have?
Can you summarize Chosen?
What is Lock and key about?
Who is the author of Lock and key?
When was Lock and key published?
What is the genre of Lock and key?
How many pages does Lock and key have?
Can you summarize Lock and key?
What is Duma Key about?
Who is the author of Duma Key?
When was Duma Key published?
What is the genre of Duma Key?
How many pages does Duma Key have?
Can you summarize Duma Key?
What is City of Thieves about?
Who is the author of City of Thieves?
When was City of Thieves published?
What is the genre of City of Thieves?
How many pages does City of Thieves have?
Can you summarize City of Thieves?
What is Wake about?
Who is the author of Wake?
When was Wake published?
What is the genre of Wake?
How many pages does Wake have?
Can you summarize Wake?
What is Dewey about?
Who is the author of Dewey?
When was Dewey published?
What is the genre of Dewey?
How many pages does Dewey have?
Can you summarize Dewey?
What is Pigeon Wants..., The about?
Who is the author of Pigeon Wants..., The?
When was Pigeon Wants..., The published?
What is the genre of Pigeon Wants..., The?
How many pages does Pigeon Wants..., The have?
Can you summarize Pigeon Wants..., The?
What is Change of Heart about?
Who is the author of Change of Heart?
When was Change of Heart published?
What is the genre of Change of Heart?
How many pages does Change of Heart have?
Can you summarize Change of Heart?
What is Belong to Me about?
Who is the author of Belong to Me?
When was Belong to Me published?
What is the genre of Belong to Me?
How many pages does Belong to Me have?
Can you summarize Belong to Me?
What is The Lucky One about?
Who is the author of The Lucky One?
When was The Lucky One published?
What is the genre of The Lucky One?
How many pages does The Lucky One have?
Can you summarize The Lucky One?
What is Grip of the Shadow Plague about?
Who is the author of Grip of the Shadow Plague?
When was Grip of the Shadow Plague published?
What is the genre of Grip of the Shadow Plague?
How many pages does Grip of the Shadow Plague have?
Can you summarize Grip of the Shadow Plague?
What is The White Tiger about?
Who is the author of The White Tiger?
When was The White Tiger published?
What is the genre of The White Tiger?
How many pages does The White Tiger have?
Can you summarize The White Tiger?
What is Hour I First Believed about?
Who is the author of Hour I First Believed?
When was Hour I First Believed published?
What is the genre of Hour I First Believed?
How many pages does Hour I First Believed have?
Can you summarize Hour I First Believed?
What is Iron Kissed (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Iron Kissed (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 3)?
When was Iron Kissed (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Iron Kissed (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 3)?
How many pages does Iron Kissed (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Iron Kissed (Mercy Thompson Series, Book 3)?
What is The Monsters of Templeton about?
Who is the author of The Monsters of Templeton?
When was The Monsters of Templeton published?
What is the genre of The Monsters of Templeton?
How many pages does The Monsters of Templeton have?
Can you summarize The Monsters of Templeton?
What is Acheron about?
Who is the author of Acheron?
When was Acheron published?
What is the genre of Acheron?
How many pages does Acheron have?
Can you summarize Acheron?
What is The Summoning about?
Who is the author of The Summoning?
When was The Summoning published?
What is the genre of The Summoning?
How many pages does The Summoning have?
Can you summarize The Summoning?
What is Love the One You're With about?
Who is the author of Love the One You're With?
When was Love the One You're With published?
What is the genre of Love the One You're With?
How many pages does Love the One You're With have?
Can you summarize Love the One You're With?
What is Small favor about?
Who is the author of Small favor?
When was Small favor published?
What is the genre of Small favor?
How many pages does Small favor have?
Can you summarize Small favor?
What is Fearless Fourteen about?
Who is the author of Fearless Fourteen?
When was Fearless Fourteen published?
What is the genre of Fearless Fourteen?
How many pages does Fearless Fourteen have?
Can you summarize Fearless Fourteen?
What is The Sugar Queen about?
Who is the author of The Sugar Queen?
When was The Sugar Queen published?
What is the genre of The Sugar Queen?
How many pages does The Sugar Queen have?
Can you summarize The Sugar Queen?
What is Mudbound about?
Who is the author of Mudbound?
When was Mudbound published?
What is the genre of Mudbound?
How many pages does Mudbound have?
Can you summarize Mudbound?
What is Anathem about?
Who is the author of Anathem?
When was Anathem published?
What is the genre of Anathem?
How many pages does Anathem have?
Can you summarize Anathem?
What is The Likeness about?
Who is the author of The Likeness?
When was The Likeness published?
What is the genre of The Likeness?
How many pages does The Likeness have?
Can you summarize The Likeness?
What is Fire Study (Study, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Fire Study (Study, Book 3)?
When was Fire Study (Study, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Fire Study (Study, Book 3)?
How many pages does Fire Study (Study, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Fire Study (Study, Book 3)?
What is Nation about?
Who is the author of Nation?
When was Nation published?
What is the genre of Nation?
How many pages does Nation have?
Can you summarize Nation?
What is In defense of food about?
Who is the author of In defense of food?
When was In defense of food published?
What is the genre of In defense of food?
How many pages does In defense of food have?
Can you summarize In defense of food?
What is Netherland about?
Who is the author of Netherland?
When was Netherland published?
What is the genre of Netherland?
How many pages does Netherland have?
Can you summarize Netherland?
What is Cry Wolf about?
Who is the author of Cry Wolf?
When was Cry Wolf published?
What is the genre of Cry Wolf?
How many pages does Cry Wolf have?
Can you summarize Cry Wolf?
What is Outliers about?
Who is the author of Outliers?
When was Outliers published?
What is the genre of Outliers?
How many pages does Outliers have?
Can you summarize Outliers?
What is American wife about?
Who is the author of American wife?
When was American wife published?
What is the genre of American wife?
How many pages does American wife have?
Can you summarize American wife?
What is greg Rules about?
Who is the author of greg Rules?
When was greg Rules published?
What is the genre of greg Rules?
How many pages does greg Rules have?
Can you summarize greg Rules?
What is Lover Enshrined about?
Who is the author of Lover Enshrined?
When was Lover Enshrined published?
What is the genre of Lover Enshrined?
How many pages does Lover Enshrined have?
Can you summarize Lover Enshrined?
What is Hold Tight about?
Who is the author of Hold Tight?
When was Hold Tight published?
What is the genre of Hold Tight?
How many pages does Hold Tight have?
Can you summarize Hold Tight?
What is Certain Girls about?
Who is the author of Certain Girls?
When was Certain Girls published?
What is the genre of Certain Girls?
How many pages does Certain Girls have?
Can you summarize Certain Girls?
What is Unlucky lucky days about?
Who is the author of Unlucky lucky days?
When was Unlucky lucky days published?
What is the genre of Unlucky lucky days?
How many pages does Unlucky lucky days have?
Can you summarize Unlucky lucky days?
What is The Lady Elizabeth about?
Who is the author of The Lady Elizabeth?
When was The Lady Elizabeth published?
What is the genre of The Lady Elizabeth?
How many pages does The Lady Elizabeth have?
Can you summarize The Lady Elizabeth?
What is A Curse Dark as Gold about?
Who is the author of A Curse Dark as Gold?
When was A Curse Dark as Gold published?
What is the genre of A Curse Dark as Gold?
How many pages does A Curse Dark as Gold have?
Can you summarize A Curse Dark as Gold?
What is A mercy about?
Who is the author of A mercy?
When was A mercy published?
What is the genre of A mercy?
How many pages does A mercy have?
Can you summarize A mercy?
What is The heretic's daughter about?
Who is the author of The heretic's daughter?
When was The heretic's daughter published?
What is the genre of The heretic's daughter?
How many pages does The heretic's daughter have?
Can you summarize The heretic's daughter?
What is Snuff about?
Who is the author of Snuff?
When was Snuff published?
What is the genre of Snuff?
How many pages does Snuff have?
Can you summarize Snuff?
What is Ink exchange about?
Who is the author of Ink exchange?
When was Ink exchange published?
What is the genre of Ink exchange?
How many pages does Ink exchange have?
Can you summarize Ink exchange?
What is The Softwire: Betrayal on Orbis 2 about?
Who is the author of The Softwire: Betrayal on Orbis 2?
When was The Softwire: Betrayal on Orbis 2 published?
What is the genre of The Softwire: Betrayal on Orbis 2?
How many pages does The Softwire: Betrayal on Orbis 2 have?
Can you summarize The Softwire: Betrayal on Orbis 2?
What is Impossible about?
Who is the author of Impossible?
When was Impossible published?
What is the genre of Impossible?
How many pages does Impossible have?
Can you summarize Impossible?
What is I Was Told There'd Be Cake about?
Who is the author of I Was Told There'd Be Cake?
When was I Was Told There'd Be Cake published?
What is the genre of I Was Told There'd Be Cake?
How many pages does I Was Told There'd Be Cake have?
Can you summarize I Was Told There'd Be Cake?
What is Silent in the sanctuary about?
Who is the author of Silent in the sanctuary?
When was Silent in the sanctuary published?
What is the genre of Silent in the sanctuary?
How many pages does Silent in the sanctuary have?
Can you summarize Silent in the sanctuary?
What is The Hero of Ages about?
Who is the author of The Hero of Ages?
When was The Hero of Ages published?
What is the genre of The Hero of Ages?
How many pages does The Hero of Ages have?
Can you summarize The Hero of Ages?
What is Sundays at Tiffany's about?
Who is the author of Sundays at Tiffany's?
When was Sundays at Tiffany's published?
What is the genre of Sundays at Tiffany's?
How many pages does Sundays at Tiffany's have?
Can you summarize Sundays at Tiffany's?
What is Untitled Novel about?
Who is the author of Untitled Novel?
When was Untitled Novel published?
What is the genre of Untitled Novel?
How many pages does Untitled Novel have?
Can you summarize Untitled Novel?
What is The Broken Window about?
Who is the author of The Broken Window?
When was The Broken Window published?
What is the genre of The Broken Window?
How many pages does The Broken Window have?
Can you summarize The Broken Window?
What is Perfect chemistry about?
Who is the author of Perfect chemistry?
When was Perfect chemistry published?
What is the genre of Perfect chemistry?
How many pages does Perfect chemistry have?
Can you summarize Perfect chemistry?
What is The Red Leather Diary about?
Who is the author of The Red Leather Diary?
When was The Red Leather Diary published?
What is the genre of The Red Leather Diary?
How many pages does The Red Leather Diary have?
Can you summarize The Red Leather Diary?
What is Such a Pretty Fat about?
Who is the author of Such a Pretty Fat?
When was Such a Pretty Fat published?
What is the genre of Such a Pretty Fat?
How many pages does Such a Pretty Fat have?
Can you summarize Such a Pretty Fat?
What is A fraction of the whole about?
Who is the author of A fraction of the whole?
When was A fraction of the whole published?
What is the genre of A fraction of the whole?
How many pages does A fraction of the whole have?
Can you summarize A fraction of the whole?
What is A Katrina moment about?
Who is the author of A Katrina moment?
When was A Katrina moment published?
What is the genre of A Katrina moment?
How many pages does A Katrina moment have?
Can you summarize A Katrina moment?
What is Victory of Eagles about?
Who is the author of Victory of Eagles?
When was Victory of Eagles published?
What is the genre of Victory of Eagles?
How many pages does Victory of Eagles have?
Can you summarize Victory of Eagles?
What is Skeletons at the feast about?
Who is the author of Skeletons at the feast?
When was Skeletons at the feast published?
What is the genre of Skeletons at the feast?
How many pages does Skeletons at the feast have?
Can you summarize Skeletons at the feast?
What is When will there be good news? about?
Who is the author of When will there be good news??
When was When will there be good news? published?
What is the genre of When will there be good news??
How many pages does When will there be good news? have?
Can you summarize When will there be good news??
What is Blackout Girl about?
Who is the author of Blackout Girl?
When was Blackout Girl published?
What is the genre of Blackout Girl?
How many pages does Blackout Girl have?
Can you summarize Blackout Girl?
What is One Foot in the Grave about?
Who is the author of One Foot in the Grave?
When was One Foot in the Grave published?
What is the genre of One Foot in the Grave?
How many pages does One Foot in the Grave have?
Can you summarize One Foot in the Grave?
What is The Middle Place about?
Who is the author of The Middle Place?
When was The Middle Place published?
What is the genre of The Middle Place?
How many pages does The Middle Place have?
Can you summarize The Middle Place?
What is Chains (Seeds of America #1) about?
Who is the author of Chains (Seeds of America #1)?
When was Chains (Seeds of America #1) published?
What is the genre of Chains (Seeds of America #1)?
How many pages does Chains (Seeds of America #1) have?
Can you summarize Chains (Seeds of America #1)?
What is Revelations about?
Who is the author of Revelations?
When was Revelations published?
What is the genre of Revelations?
How many pages does Revelations have?
Can you summarize Revelations?
What is Firefly Lane about?
Who is the author of Firefly Lane?
When was Firefly Lane published?
What is the genre of Firefly Lane?
How many pages does Firefly Lane have?
Can you summarize Firefly Lane?
What is Generation Dead about?
Who is the author of Generation Dead?
When was Generation Dead published?
What is the genre of Generation Dead?
How many pages does Generation Dead have?
Can you summarize Generation Dead?
What is The Plague of Doves about?
Who is the author of The Plague of Doves?
When was The Plague of Doves published?
What is the genre of The Plague of Doves?
How many pages does The Plague of Doves have?
Can you summarize The Plague of Doves?
What is Human Smoke about?
Who is the author of Human Smoke?
When was Human Smoke published?
What is the genre of Human Smoke?
How many pages does Human Smoke have?
Can you summarize Human Smoke?
What is Gone about?
Who is the author of Gone?
When was Gone published?
What is the genre of Gone?
How many pages does Gone have?
Can you summarize Gone?
What is The underneath about?
Who is the author of The underneath?
When was The underneath published?
What is the genre of The underneath?
How many pages does The underneath have?
Can you summarize The underneath?
What is Bonk about?
Who is the author of Bonk?
When was Bonk published?
What is the genre of Bonk?
How many pages does Bonk have?
Can you summarize Bonk?
What is Catching Fire about?
Who is the author of Catching Fire?
When was Catching Fire published?
What is the genre of Catching Fire?
How many pages does Catching Fire have?
Can you summarize Catching Fire?
What is The Help about?
Who is the author of The Help?
When was The Help published?
What is the genre of The Help?
How many pages does The Help have?
Can you summarize The Help?
What is City of Glass about?
Who is the author of City of Glass?
When was City of Glass published?
What is the genre of City of Glass?
How many pages does City of Glass have?
Can you summarize City of Glass?
What is An Echo in the Bone about?
Who is the author of An Echo in the Bone?
When was An Echo in the Bone published?
What is the genre of An Echo in the Bone?
How many pages does An Echo in the Bone have?
Can you summarize An Echo in the Bone?
What is Blood Promise about?
Who is the author of Blood Promise?
When was Blood Promise published?
What is the genre of Blood Promise?
How many pages does Blood Promise have?
Can you summarize Blood Promise?
What is The Last Olympian about?
Who is the author of The Last Olympian?
When was The Last Olympian published?
What is the genre of The Last Olympian?
How many pages does The Last Olympian have?
Can you summarize The Last Olympian?
What is Shiver about?
Who is the author of Shiver?
When was Shiver published?
What is the genre of Shiver?
How many pages does Shiver have?
Can you summarize Shiver?
What is Hush, hush about?
Who is the author of Hush, hush?
When was Hush, hush published?
What is the genre of Hush, hush?
How many pages does Hush, hush have?
Can you summarize Hush, hush?
What is Evermore about?
Who is the author of Evermore?
When was Evermore published?
What is the genre of Evermore?
How many pages does Evermore have?
Can you summarize Evermore?
What is Dead and gone about?
Who is the author of Dead and gone?
When was Dead and gone published?
What is the genre of Dead and gone?
How many pages does Dead and gone have?
Can you summarize Dead and gone?
What is Hunted about?
Who is the author of Hunted?
When was Hunted published?
What is the genre of Hunted?
How many pages does Hunted have?
Can you summarize Hunted?
What is Fire about?
Who is the author of Fire?
When was Fire published?
What is the genre of Fire?
How many pages does Fire have?
Can you summarize Fire?
What is Cutting for Stone about?
Who is the author of Cutting for Stone?
When was Cutting for Stone published?
What is the genre of Cutting for Stone?
How many pages does Cutting for Stone have?
Can you summarize Cutting for Stone?
What is The Lost Symbol about?
Who is the author of The Lost Symbol?
When was The Lost Symbol published?
What is the genre of The Lost Symbol?
How many pages does The Lost Symbol have?
Can you summarize The Lost Symbol?
What is Tempted about?
Who is the author of Tempted?
When was Tempted published?
What is the genre of Tempted?
How many pages does Tempted have?
Can you summarize Tempted?
What is Fallen about?
Who is the author of Fallen?
When was Fallen published?
What is the genre of Fallen?
How many pages does Fallen have?
Can you summarize Fallen?
What is The Awakening about?
Who is the author of The Awakening?
When was The Awakening published?
What is the genre of The Awakening?
How many pages does The Awakening have?
Can you summarize The Awakening?
What is Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet about?
Who is the author of Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet?
When was Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet published?
What is the genre of Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet?
How many pages does Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet have?
Can you summarize Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet?
What is Blue Moon about?
Who is the author of Blue Moon?
When was Blue Moon published?
What is the genre of Blue Moon?
How many pages does Blue Moon have?
Can you summarize Blue Moon?
What is Along for the ride about?
Who is the author of Along for the ride?
When was Along for the ride published?
What is the genre of Along for the ride?
How many pages does Along for the ride have?
Can you summarize Along for the ride?
What is Beautiful Creatures (Caster Chronicles Series, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Creatures (Caster Chronicles Series, Book 1)?
When was Beautiful Creatures (Caster Chronicles Series, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Creatures (Caster Chronicles Series, Book 1)?
How many pages does Beautiful Creatures (Caster Chronicles Series, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Creatures (Caster Chronicles Series, Book 1)?
What is Pride and prejudice and zombies about?
Who is the author of Pride and prejudice and zombies?
When was Pride and prejudice and zombies published?
What is the genre of Pride and prejudice and zombies?
How many pages does Pride and prejudice and zombies have?
Can you summarize Pride and prejudice and zombies?
What is Shanghai girls about?
Who is the author of Shanghai girls?
When was Shanghai girls published?
What is the genre of Shanghai girls?
How many pages does Shanghai girls have?
Can you summarize Shanghai girls?
What is The last song about?
Who is the author of The last song?
When was The last song published?
What is the genre of The last song?
How many pages does The last song have?
Can you summarize The last song?
What is The Maze Runner about?
Who is the author of The Maze Runner?
When was The Maze Runner published?
What is the genre of The Maze Runner?
How many pages does The Maze Runner have?
Can you summarize The Maze Runner?
What is The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie about?
Who is the author of The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie?
When was The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie published?
What is the genre of The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie?
How many pages does The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie have?
Can you summarize The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie?
What is Wings : [a new kind of faerie tale] about?
Who is the author of Wings : [a new kind of faerie tale]?
When was Wings : [a new kind of faerie tale] published?
What is the genre of Wings : [a new kind of faerie tale]?
How many pages does Wings : [a new kind of faerie tale] have?
Can you summarize Wings : [a new kind of faerie tale]?
What is Stargazer about?
Who is the author of Stargazer?
When was Stargazer published?
What is the genre of Stargazer?
How many pages does Stargazer have?
Can you summarize Stargazer?
What is Wintergirls about?
Who is the author of Wintergirls?
When was Wintergirls published?
What is the genre of Wintergirls?
How many pages does Wintergirls have?
Can you summarize Wintergirls?
What is Little Bee about?
Who is the author of Little Bee?
When was Little Bee published?
What is the genre of Little Bee?
How many pages does Little Bee have?
Can you summarize Little Bee?
What is The Forest of Hands and Teeth about?
Who is the author of The Forest of Hands and Teeth?
When was The Forest of Hands and Teeth published?
What is the genre of The Forest of Hands and Teeth?
How many pages does The Forest of Hands and Teeth have?
Can you summarize The Forest of Hands and Teeth?
What is Bone Crossed about?
Who is the author of Bone Crossed?
When was Bone Crossed published?
What is the genre of Bone Crossed?
How many pages does Bone Crossed have?
Can you summarize Bone Crossed?
What is If I Stay about?
Who is the author of If I Stay?
When was If I Stay published?
What is the genre of If I Stay?
How many pages does If I Stay have?
Can you summarize If I Stay?
What is Fade about?
Who is the author of Fade?
When was Fade published?
What is the genre of Fade?
How many pages does Fade have?
Can you summarize Fade?
What is Columbine about?
Who is the author of Columbine?
When was Columbine published?
What is the genre of Columbine?
How many pages does Columbine have?
Can you summarize Columbine?
What is Finger lickin' fifteen about?
Who is the author of Finger lickin' fifteen?
When was Finger lickin' fifteen published?
What is the genre of Finger lickin' fifteen?
How many pages does Finger lickin' fifteen have?
Can you summarize Finger lickin' fifteen?
What is The Van Alen Legacy about?
Who is the author of The Van Alen Legacy?
When was The Van Alen Legacy published?
What is the genre of The Van Alen Legacy?
How many pages does The Van Alen Legacy have?
Can you summarize The Van Alen Legacy?
What is The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane about?
Who is the author of The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane?
When was The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane published?
What is the genre of The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane?
How many pages does The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane have?
Can you summarize The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane?
What is Half broke horses about?
Who is the author of Half broke horses?
When was Half broke horses published?
What is the genre of Half broke horses?
How many pages does Half broke horses have?
Can you summarize Half broke horses?
What is South of Broad about?
Who is the author of South of Broad?
When was South of Broad published?
What is the genre of South of Broad?
How many pages does South of Broad have?
Can you summarize South of Broad?
What is Her Fearful Symmetry about?
Who is the author of Her Fearful Symmetry?
When was Her Fearful Symmetry published?
What is the genre of Her Fearful Symmetry?
How many pages does Her Fearful Symmetry have?
Can you summarize Her Fearful Symmetry?
What is Fragile eternity about?
Who is the author of Fragile eternity?
When was Fragile eternity published?
What is the genre of Fragile eternity?
How many pages does Fragile eternity have?
Can you summarize Fragile eternity?
What is Let the great world spin about?
Who is the author of Let the great world spin?
When was Let the great world spin published?
What is the genre of Let the great world spin?
How many pages does Let the great world spin have?
Can you summarize Let the great world spin?
What is Jessica's guide to dating on the dark side about?
Who is the author of Jessica's guide to dating on the dark side?
When was Jessica's guide to dating on the dark side published?
What is the genre of Jessica's guide to dating on the dark side?
How many pages does Jessica's guide to dating on the dark side have?
Can you summarize Jessica's guide to dating on the dark side?
What is Lord of Misrule about?
Who is the author of Lord of Misrule?
When was Lord of Misrule published?
What is the genre of Lord of Misrule?
How many pages does Lord of Misrule have?
Can you summarize Lord of Misrule?
What is The Year of the Flood about?
Who is the author of The Year of the Flood?
When was The Year of the Flood published?
What is the genre of The Year of the Flood?
How many pages does The Year of the Flood have?
Can you summarize The Year of the Flood?
What is The Vampire Diaries The Return about?
Who is the author of The Vampire Diaries The Return?
When was The Vampire Diaries The Return published?
What is the genre of The Vampire Diaries The Return?
How many pages does The Vampire Diaries The Return have?
Can you summarize The Vampire Diaries The Return?
What is Leviathan about?
Who is the author of Leviathan?
When was Leviathan published?
What is the genre of Leviathan?
How many pages does Leviathan have?
Can you summarize Leviathan?
What is Flow down like silver about?
Who is the author of Flow down like silver?
When was Flow down like silver published?
What is the genre of Flow down like silver?
How many pages does Flow down like silver have?
Can you summarize Flow down like silver?
What is Shadowland about?
Who is the author of Shadowland?
When was Shadowland published?
What is the genre of Shadowland?
How many pages does Shadowland have?
Can you summarize Shadowland?
What is Twenties Girl about?
Who is the author of Twenties Girl?
When was Twenties Girl published?
What is the genre of Twenties Girl?
How many pages does Twenties Girl have?
Can you summarize Twenties Girl?
What is Reliable Wife about?
Who is the author of Reliable Wife?
When was Reliable Wife published?
What is the genre of Reliable Wife?
How many pages does Reliable Wife have?
Can you summarize Reliable Wife?
What is Don't judge a girl by her cover about?
Who is the author of Don't judge a girl by her cover?
When was Don't judge a girl by her cover published?
What is the genre of Don't judge a girl by her cover?
How many pages does Don't judge a girl by her cover have?
Can you summarize Don't judge a girl by her cover?
What is Bloodhound about?
Who is the author of Bloodhound?
When was Bloodhound published?
What is the genre of Bloodhound?
How many pages does Bloodhound have?
Can you summarize Bloodhound?
What is Dreamfever about?
Who is the author of Dreamfever?
When was Dreamfever published?
What is the genre of Dreamfever?
How many pages does Dreamfever have?
Can you summarize Dreamfever?
What is Under the dome about?
Who is the author of Under the dome?
When was Under the dome published?
What is the genre of Under the dome?
How many pages does Under the dome have?
Can you summarize Under the dome?
What is This is Where I Leave You about?
Who is the author of This is Where I Leave You?
When was This is Where I Leave You published?
What is the genre of This is Where I Leave You?
How many pages does This is Where I Leave You have?
Can you summarize This is Where I Leave You?
What is Princess of the Midnight Ball about?
Who is the author of Princess of the Midnight Ball?
When was Princess of the Midnight Ball published?
What is the genre of Princess of the Midnight Ball?
How many pages does Princess of the Midnight Ball have?
Can you summarize Princess of the Midnight Ball?
What is The lost city of Z about?
Who is the author of The lost city of Z?
When was The lost city of Z published?
What is the genre of The lost city of Z?
How many pages does The lost city of Z have?
Can you summarize The lost city of Z?
What is Magic Strikes about?
Who is the author of Magic Strikes?
When was Magic Strikes published?
What is the genre of Magic Strikes?
How many pages does Magic Strikes have?
Can you summarize Magic Strikes?
What is Hunting Ground about?
Who is the author of Hunting Ground?
When was Hunting Ground published?
What is the genre of Hunting Ground?
How many pages does Hunting Ground have?
Can you summarize Hunting Ground?
What is The white queen about?
Who is the author of The white queen?
When was The white queen published?
What is the genre of The white queen?
How many pages does The white queen have?
Can you summarize The white queen?
What is Zeitoun about?
Who is the author of Zeitoun?
When was Zeitoun published?
What is the genre of Zeitoun?
How many pages does Zeitoun have?
Can you summarize Zeitoun?
What is Tea time for the traditionally built about?
Who is the author of Tea time for the traditionally built?
When was Tea time for the traditionally built published?
What is the genre of Tea time for the traditionally built?
How many pages does Tea time for the traditionally built have?
Can you summarize Tea time for the traditionally built?
What is Destined for an early grave about?
Who is the author of Destined for an early grave?
When was Destined for an early grave published?
What is the genre of Destined for an early grave?
How many pages does Destined for an early grave have?
Can you summarize Destined for an early grave?
What is North of beautiful about?
Who is the author of North of beautiful?
When was North of beautiful published?
What is the genre of North of beautiful?
How many pages does North of beautiful have?
Can you summarize North of beautiful?
What is The girl she used to be about?
Who is the author of The girl she used to be?
When was The girl she used to be published?
What is the genre of The girl she used to be?
How many pages does The girl she used to be have?
Can you summarize The girl she used to be?
What is Turn Coat about?
Who is the author of Turn Coat?
When was Turn Coat published?
What is the genre of Turn Coat?
How many pages does Turn Coat have?
Can you summarize Turn Coat?
What is Brooklyn about?
Who is the author of Brooklyn?
When was Brooklyn published?
What is the genre of Brooklyn?
How many pages does Brooklyn have?
Can you summarize Brooklyn?
What is Soulless about?
Who is the author of Soulless?
When was Soulless published?
What is the genre of Soulless?
How many pages does Soulless have?
Can you summarize Soulless?
What is The strain about?
Who is the author of The strain?
When was The strain published?
What is the genre of The strain?
How many pages does The strain have?
Can you summarize The strain?
What is Storm glass about?
Who is the author of Storm glass?
When was Storm glass published?
What is the genre of Storm glass?
How many pages does Storm glass have?
Can you summarize Storm glass?
What is White Witch, Black Curse about?
Who is the author of White Witch, Black Curse?
When was White Witch, Black Curse published?
What is the genre of White Witch, Black Curse?
How many pages does White Witch, Black Curse have?
Can you summarize White Witch, Black Curse?
What is The chosen one about?
Who is the author of The chosen one?
When was The chosen one published?
What is the genre of The chosen one?
How many pages does The chosen one have?
Can you summarize The chosen one?
What is Fool about?
Who is the author of Fool?
When was Fool published?
What is the genre of Fool?
How many pages does Fool have?
Can you summarize Fool?
What is Succubus Heat about?
Who is the author of Succubus Heat?
When was Succubus Heat published?
What is the genre of Succubus Heat?
How many pages does Succubus Heat have?
Can you summarize Succubus Heat?
What is The weight of silence about?
Who is the author of The weight of silence?
When was The weight of silence published?
What is the genre of The weight of silence?
How many pages does The weight of silence have?
Can you summarize The weight of silence?
What is The chronicles of Vladimir Tod about?
Who is the author of The chronicles of Vladimir Tod?
When was The chronicles of Vladimir Tod published?
What is the genre of The chronicles of Vladimir Tod?
How many pages does The chronicles of Vladimir Tod have?
Can you summarize The chronicles of Vladimir Tod?
What is Forest born (The Books of Bayern #4) about?
Who is the author of Forest born (The Books of Bayern #4)?
When was Forest born (The Books of Bayern #4) published?
What is the genre of Forest born (The Books of Bayern #4)?
How many pages does Forest born (The Books of Bayern #4) have?
Can you summarize Forest born (The Books of Bayern #4)?
What is The sorceress about?
Who is the author of The sorceress?
When was The sorceress published?
What is the genre of The sorceress?
How many pages does The sorceress have?
Can you summarize The sorceress?
What is Fade Out about?
Who is the author of Fade Out?
When was Fade Out published?
What is the genre of Fade Out?
How many pages does Fade Out have?
Can you summarize Fade Out?
What is Home repair about?
Who is the author of Home repair?
When was Home repair published?
What is the genre of Home repair?
How many pages does Home repair have?
Can you summarize Home repair?
What is Juliet, naked about?
Who is the author of Juliet, naked?
When was Juliet, naked published?
What is the genre of Juliet, naked?
How many pages does Juliet, naked have?
Can you summarize Juliet, naked?
What is The selected works of T. S. Spivet about?
Who is the author of The selected works of T. S. Spivet?
When was The selected works of T. S. Spivet published?
What is the genre of The selected works of T. S. Spivet?
How many pages does The selected works of T. S. Spivet have?
Can you summarize The selected works of T. S. Spivet?
What is The Amoveo Legacy Book 1 about?
Who is the author of The Amoveo Legacy Book 1?
When was The Amoveo Legacy Book 1 published?
What is the genre of The Amoveo Legacy Book 1?
How many pages does The Amoveo Legacy Book 1 have?
Can you summarize The Amoveo Legacy Book 1?
What is Await Your Reply about?
Who is the author of Await Your Reply?
When was Await Your Reply published?
What is the genre of Await Your Reply?
How many pages does Await Your Reply have?
Can you summarize Await Your Reply?
What is Bad Moon Rising about?
Who is the author of Bad Moon Rising?
When was Bad Moon Rising published?
What is the genre of Bad Moon Rising?
How many pages does Bad Moon Rising have?
Can you summarize Bad Moon Rising?
What is The little stranger about?
Who is the author of The little stranger?
When was The little stranger published?
What is the genre of The little stranger?
How many pages does The little stranger have?
Can you summarize The little stranger?
What is Ghostgirl about?
Who is the author of Ghostgirl?
When was Ghostgirl published?
What is the genre of Ghostgirl?
How many pages does Ghostgirl have?
Can you summarize Ghostgirl?
What is Best friends forever about?
Who is the author of Best friends forever?
When was Best friends forever published?
What is the genre of Best friends forever?
How many pages does Best friends forever have?
Can you summarize Best friends forever?
What is The lacuna about?
Who is the author of The lacuna?
When was The lacuna published?
What is the genre of The lacuna?
How many pages does The lacuna have?
Can you summarize The lacuna?
What is Covet about?
Who is the author of Covet?
When was Covet published?
What is the genre of Covet?
How many pages does Covet have?
Can you summarize Covet?
What is Thorn Queen about?
Who is the author of Thorn Queen?
When was Thorn Queen published?
What is the genre of Thorn Queen?
How many pages does Thorn Queen have?
Can you summarize Thorn Queen?
What is Kiss about?
Who is the author of Kiss?
When was Kiss published?
What is the genre of Kiss?
How many pages does Kiss have?
Can you summarize Kiss?
What is A gate at the stairs about?
Who is the author of A gate at the stairs?
When was A gate at the stairs published?
What is the genre of A gate at the stairs?
How many pages does A gate at the stairs have?
Can you summarize A gate at the stairs?
What is Sunrise about?
Who is the author of Sunrise?
When was Sunrise published?
What is the genre of Sunrise?
How many pages does Sunrise have?
Can you summarize Sunrise?
What is Vampire Academy Box Set about?
Who is the author of Vampire Academy Box Set?
When was Vampire Academy Box Set published?
What is the genre of Vampire Academy Box Set?
How many pages does Vampire Academy Box Set have?
Can you summarize Vampire Academy Box Set?
What is The magicians about?
Who is the author of The magicians?
When was The magicians published?
What is the genre of The magicians?
How many pages does The magicians have?
Can you summarize The magicians?
What is Stitches about?
Who is the author of Stitches?
When was Stitches published?
What is the genre of Stitches?
How many pages does Stitches have?
Can you summarize Stitches?
What is Mockingjay about?
Who is the author of Mockingjay?
When was Mockingjay published?
What is the genre of Mockingjay?
How many pages does Mockingjay have?
Can you summarize Mockingjay?
What is Spirit bound about?
Who is the author of Spirit bound?
When was Spirit bound published?
What is the genre of Spirit bound?
How many pages does Spirit bound have?
Can you summarize Spirit bound?
What is Clockwork Angel about?
Who is the author of Clockwork Angel?
When was Clockwork Angel published?
What is the genre of Clockwork Angel?
How many pages does Clockwork Angel have?
Can you summarize Clockwork Angel?
What is Last Sacrifice about?
Who is the author of Last Sacrifice?
When was Last Sacrifice published?
What is the genre of Last Sacrifice?
How many pages does Last Sacrifice have?
Can you summarize Last Sacrifice?
What is Linger about?
Who is the author of Linger?
When was Linger published?
What is the genre of Linger?
How many pages does Linger have?
Can you summarize Linger?
What is The Immortal life of Henrietta Lacks about?
Who is the author of The Immortal life of Henrietta Lacks?
When was The Immortal life of Henrietta Lacks published?
What is the genre of The Immortal life of Henrietta Lacks?
How many pages does The Immortal life of Henrietta Lacks have?
Can you summarize The Immortal life of Henrietta Lacks?
What is Crescendo about?
Who is the author of Crescendo?
When was Crescendo published?
What is the genre of Crescendo?
How many pages does Crescendo have?
Can you summarize Crescendo?
What is The Reckoning about?
Who is the author of The Reckoning?
When was The Reckoning published?
What is the genre of The Reckoning?
How many pages does The Reckoning have?
Can you summarize The Reckoning?
What is The Lost Hero about?
Who is the author of The Lost Hero?
When was The Lost Hero published?
What is the genre of The Lost Hero?
How many pages does The Lost Hero have?
Can you summarize The Lost Hero?
What is Dead in the family about?
Who is the author of Dead in the family?
When was Dead in the family published?
What is the genre of Dead in the family?
How many pages does Dead in the family have?
Can you summarize Dead in the family?
What is Matched (Matched Trilogy, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Matched (Matched Trilogy, Book 1)?
When was Matched (Matched Trilogy, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Matched (Matched Trilogy, Book 1)?
How many pages does Matched (Matched Trilogy, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Matched (Matched Trilogy, Book 1)?
What is Before i fall about?
Who is the author of Before i fall?
When was Before i fall published?
What is the genre of Before i fall?
How many pages does Before i fall have?
Can you summarize Before i fall?
What is Torment (Fallen #2) about?
Who is the author of Torment (Fallen #2)?
When was Torment (Fallen #2) published?
What is the genre of Torment (Fallen #2)?
How many pages does Torment (Fallen #2) have?
Can you summarize Torment (Fallen #2)?
What is Iron King about?
Who is the author of Iron King?
When was Iron King published?
What is the genre of Iron King?
How many pages does Iron King have?
Can you summarize Iron King?
What is Lover Mine about?
Who is the author of Lover Mine?
When was Lover Mine published?
What is the genre of Lover Mine?
How many pages does Lover Mine have?
Can you summarize Lover Mine?
What is The Red Pyramid about?
Who is the author of The Red Pyramid?
When was The Red Pyramid published?
What is the genre of The Red Pyramid?
How many pages does The Red Pyramid have?
Can you summarize The Red Pyramid?
What is Burned about?
Who is the author of Burned?
When was Burned published?
What is the genre of Burned?
How many pages does Burned have?
Can you summarize Burned?
What is Beautiful Darkness (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Darkness (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 2)?
When was Beautiful Darkness (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Darkness (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 2)?
How many pages does Beautiful Darkness (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Darkness (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 2)?
What is Hex Hall Book One about?
Who is the author of Hex Hall Book One?
When was Hex Hall Book One published?
What is the genre of Hex Hall Book One?
How many pages does Hex Hall Book One have?
Can you summarize Hex Hall Book One?
What is The Passage about?
Who is the author of The Passage?
When was The Passage published?
What is the genre of The Passage?
How many pages does The Passage have?
Can you summarize The Passage?
What is The Iron Daughter (Iron Fey #2) about?
Who is the author of The Iron Daughter (Iron Fey #2)?
When was The Iron Daughter (Iron Fey #2) published?
What is the genre of The Iron Daughter (Iron Fey #2)?
How many pages does The Iron Daughter (Iron Fey #2) have?
Can you summarize The Iron Daughter (Iron Fey #2)?
What is Paranormalcy about?
Who is the author of Paranormalcy?
When was Paranormalcy published?
What is the genre of Paranormalcy?
How many pages does Paranormalcy have?
Can you summarize Paranormalcy?
What is The Body Finder about?
Who is the author of The Body Finder?
When was The Body Finder published?
What is the genre of The Body Finder?
How many pages does The Body Finder have?
Can you summarize The Body Finder?
What is A Dog's Purpose about?
Who is the author of A Dog's Purpose?
When was A Dog's Purpose published?
What is the genre of A Dog's Purpose?
How many pages does A Dog's Purpose have?
Can you summarize A Dog's Purpose?
What is Silver borne about?
Who is the author of Silver borne?
When was Silver borne published?
What is the genre of Silver borne?
How many pages does Silver borne have?
Can you summarize Silver borne?
What is Shadow Hills about?
Who is the author of Shadow Hills?
When was Shadow Hills published?
What is the genre of Shadow Hills?
How many pages does Shadow Hills have?
Can you summarize Shadow Hills?
What is I am number four about?
Who is the author of I am number four?
When was I am number four published?
What is the genre of I am number four?
How many pages does I am number four have?
Can you summarize I am number four?
What is The kitchen house about?
Who is the author of The kitchen house?
When was The kitchen house published?
What is the genre of The kitchen house?
How many pages does The kitchen house have?
Can you summarize The kitchen house?
What is Anna and french kiss about?
Who is the author of Anna and french kiss?
When was Anna and french kiss published?
What is the genre of Anna and french kiss?
How many pages does Anna and french kiss have?
Can you summarize Anna and french kiss?
What is Freedom about?
Who is the author of Freedom?
When was Freedom published?
What is the genre of Freedom?
How many pages does Freedom have?
Can you summarize Freedom?
What is Unbroken about?
Who is the author of Unbroken?
When was Unbroken published?
What is the genre of Unbroken?
How many pages does Unbroken have?
Can you summarize Unbroken?
What is Gone about?
Who is the author of Gone?
When was Gone published?
What is the genre of Gone?
How many pages does Gone have?
Can you summarize Gone?
What is Rules of attraction about?
Who is the author of Rules of attraction?
When was Rules of attraction published?
What is the genre of Rules of attraction?
How many pages does Rules of attraction have?
Can you summarize Rules of attraction?
What is Magic Bleeds (Kate Daniels, Book 4) about?
Who is the author of Magic Bleeds (Kate Daniels, Book 4)?
When was Magic Bleeds (Kate Daniels, Book 4) published?
What is the genre of Magic Bleeds (Kate Daniels, Book 4)?
How many pages does Magic Bleeds (Kate Daniels, Book 4) have?
Can you summarize Magic Bleeds (Kate Daniels, Book 4)?
What is Will Grayson, Will Grayson about?
Who is the author of Will Grayson, Will Grayson?
When was Will Grayson, Will Grayson published?
What is the genre of Will Grayson, Will Grayson?
How many pages does Will Grayson, Will Grayson have?
Can you summarize Will Grayson, Will Grayson?
What is The Scorch Trials Movie Tie-in Edition about?
Who is the author of The Scorch Trials Movie Tie-in Edition?
When was The Scorch Trials Movie Tie-in Edition published?
What is the genre of The Scorch Trials Movie Tie-in Edition?
How many pages does The Scorch Trials Movie Tie-in Edition have?
Can you summarize The Scorch Trials Movie Tie-in Edition?
What is Radiant shadows about?
Who is the author of Radiant shadows?
When was Radiant shadows published?
What is the genre of Radiant shadows?
How many pages does Radiant shadows have?
Can you summarize Radiant shadows?
What is Nightshade (Nightshade Series, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Nightshade (Nightshade Series, Book 1)?
When was Nightshade (Nightshade Series, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Nightshade (Nightshade Series, Book 1)?
How many pages does Nightshade (Nightshade Series, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Nightshade (Nightshade Series, Book 1)?
What is Winter garden about?
Who is the author of Winter garden?
When was Winter garden published?
What is the genre of Winter garden?
How many pages does Winter garden have?
Can you summarize Winter garden?
What is Firelight about?
Who is the author of Firelight?
When was Firelight published?
What is the genre of Firelight?
How many pages does Firelight have?
Can you summarize Firelight?
What is Major Pettigrew's last stand about?
Who is the author of Major Pettigrew's last stand?
When was Major Pettigrew's last stand published?
What is the genre of Major Pettigrew's last stand?
How many pages does Major Pettigrew's last stand have?
Can you summarize Major Pettigrew's last stand?
What is Nevermore about?
Who is the author of Nevermore?
When was Nevermore published?
What is the genre of Nevermore?
How many pages does Nevermore have?
Can you summarize Nevermore?
What is House rules about?
Who is the author of House rules?
When was House rules published?
What is the genre of House rules?
How many pages does House rules have?
Can you summarize House rules?
What is The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet about?
Who is the author of The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet?
When was The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet published?
What is the genre of The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet?
How many pages does The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet have?
Can you summarize The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet?
What is A visit from the Goon Squad about?
Who is the author of A visit from the Goon Squad?
When was A visit from the Goon Squad published?
What is the genre of A visit from the Goon Squad?
How many pages does A visit from the Goon Squad have?
Can you summarize A visit from the Goon Squad?
What is Captivate about?
Who is the author of Captivate?
When was Captivate published?
What is the genre of Captivate?
How many pages does Captivate have?
Can you summarize Captivate?
What is Halo about?
Who is the author of Halo?
When was Halo published?
What is the genre of Halo?
How many pages does Halo have?
Can you summarize Halo?
What is Saving CeeCee Honeycutt about?
Who is the author of Saving CeeCee Honeycutt?
When was Saving CeeCee Honeycutt published?
What is the genre of Saving CeeCee Honeycutt?
How many pages does Saving CeeCee Honeycutt have?
Can you summarize Saving CeeCee Honeycutt?
What is Dark Flame about?
Who is the author of Dark Flame?
When was Dark Flame published?
What is the genre of Dark Flame?
How many pages does Dark Flame have?
Can you summarize Dark Flame?
What is The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2) about?
Who is the author of The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2)?
When was The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2) published?
What is the genre of The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2)?
How many pages does The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2) have?
Can you summarize The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag (Flavia de Luce, #2)?
What is Forbidden about?
Who is the author of Forbidden?
When was Forbidden published?
What is the genre of Forbidden?
How many pages does Forbidden have?
Can you summarize Forbidden?
What is Ghost Town about?
Who is the author of Ghost Town?
When was Ghost Town published?
What is the genre of Ghost Town?
How many pages does Ghost Town have?
Can you summarize Ghost Town?
What is Succubus shadows about?
Who is the author of Succubus shadows?
When was Succubus shadows published?
What is the genre of Succubus shadows?
How many pages does Succubus shadows have?
Can you summarize Succubus shadows?
What is The Way of Kings about?
Who is the author of The Way of Kings?
When was The Way of Kings published?
What is the genre of The Way of Kings?
How many pages does The Way of Kings have?
Can you summarize The Way of Kings?
What is Spells (Wings Series, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Spells (Wings Series, Book 2)?
When was Spells (Wings Series, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Spells (Wings Series, Book 2)?
How many pages does Spells (Wings Series, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Spells (Wings Series, Book 2)?
What is The girl who chased the moon about?
Who is the author of The girl who chased the moon?
When was The girl who chased the moon published?
What is the genre of The girl who chased the moon?
How many pages does The girl who chased the moon have?
Can you summarize The girl who chased the moon?
What is The dead-tossed waves about?
Who is the author of The dead-tossed waves?
When was The dead-tossed waves published?
What is the genre of The dead-tossed waves?
How many pages does The dead-tossed waves have?
Can you summarize The dead-tossed waves?
What is Still missing about?
Who is the author of Still missing?
When was Still missing published?
What is the genre of Still missing?
How many pages does Still missing have?
Can you summarize Still missing?
What is Kiss of Death (Morganville Vampires, Book 8) about?
Who is the author of Kiss of Death (Morganville Vampires, Book 8)?
When was Kiss of Death (Morganville Vampires, Book 8) published?
What is the genre of Kiss of Death (Morganville Vampires, Book 8)?
How many pages does Kiss of Death (Morganville Vampires, Book 8) have?
Can you summarize Kiss of Death (Morganville Vampires, Book 8)?
What is Girl in translation about?
Who is the author of Girl in translation?
When was Girl in translation published?
What is the genre of Girl in translation?
How many pages does Girl in translation have?
Can you summarize Girl in translation?
What is Monsters of Men about?
Who is the author of Monsters of Men?
When was Monsters of Men published?
What is the genre of Monsters of Men?
How many pages does Monsters of Men have?
Can you summarize Monsters of Men?
What is Artemis Fowl about?
Who is the author of Artemis Fowl?
When was Artemis Fowl published?
What is the genre of Artemis Fowl?
How many pages does Artemis Fowl have?
Can you summarize Artemis Fowl?
What is The murderer's daughters about?
Who is the author of The murderer's daughters?
When was The murderer's daughters published?
What is the genre of The murderer's daughters?
How many pages does The murderer's daughters have?
Can you summarize The murderer's daughters?
What is Archangel's Kiss (Guild Hunter #2) about?
Who is the author of Archangel's Kiss (Guild Hunter #2)?
When was Archangel's Kiss (Guild Hunter #2) published?
What is the genre of Archangel's Kiss (Guild Hunter #2)?
How many pages does Archangel's Kiss (Guild Hunter #2) have?
Can you summarize Archangel's Kiss (Guild Hunter #2)?
What is Secret Daughter about?
Who is the author of Secret Daughter?
When was Secret Daughter published?
What is the genre of Secret Daughter?
How many pages does Secret Daughter have?
Can you summarize Secret Daughter?
What is Infinite Days (Vampire Queen) about?
Who is the author of Infinite Days (Vampire Queen)?
When was Infinite Days (Vampire Queen) published?
What is the genre of Infinite Days (Vampire Queen)?
How many pages does Infinite Days (Vampire Queen) have?
Can you summarize Infinite Days (Vampire Queen)?
What is The Necromancer about?
Who is the author of The Necromancer?
When was The Necromancer published?
What is the genre of The Necromancer?
How many pages does The Necromancer have?
Can you summarize The Necromancer?
What is Sh*t my dad says about?
Who is the author of Sh*t my dad says?
When was Sh*t my dad says published?
What is the genre of Sh*t my dad says?
How many pages does Sh*t my dad says have?
Can you summarize Sh*t my dad says?
What is Amy & Roger's epic detour about?
Who is the author of Amy & Roger's epic detour?
When was Amy & Roger's epic detour published?
What is the genre of Amy & Roger's epic detour?
How many pages does Amy & Roger's epic detour have?
Can you summarize Amy & Roger's epic detour?
What is The Carrie diaries about?
Who is the author of The Carrie diaries?
When was The Carrie diaries published?
What is the genre of The Carrie diaries?
How many pages does The Carrie diaries have?
Can you summarize The Carrie diaries?
What is The sky is everywhere about?
Who is the author of The sky is everywhere?
When was The sky is everywhere published?
What is the genre of The sky is everywhere?
How many pages does The sky is everywhere have?
Can you summarize The sky is everywhere?
What is My Name is Memory about?
Who is the author of My Name is Memory?
When was My Name is Memory published?
What is the genre of My Name is Memory?
How many pages does My Name is Memory have?
Can you summarize My Name is Memory?
What is Changeless (The Parasol Protectorate) about?
Who is the author of Changeless (The Parasol Protectorate)?
When was Changeless (The Parasol Protectorate) published?
What is the genre of Changeless (The Parasol Protectorate)?
How many pages does Changeless (The Parasol Protectorate) have?
Can you summarize Changeless (The Parasol Protectorate)?
What is The Replacement about?
Who is the author of The Replacement?
When was The Replacement published?
What is the genre of The Replacement?
How many pages does The Replacement have?
Can you summarize The Replacement?
What is Heist Society (Heist Society #1) about?
Who is the author of Heist Society (Heist Society #1)?
When was Heist Society (Heist Society #1) published?
What is the genre of Heist Society (Heist Society #1)?
How many pages does Heist Society (Heist Society #1) have?
Can you summarize Heist Society (Heist Society #1)?
What is I shall wear midnight about?
Who is the author of I shall wear midnight?
When was I shall wear midnight published?
What is the genre of I shall wear midnight?
How many pages does I shall wear midnight have?
Can you summarize I shall wear midnight?
What is Shade about?
Who is the author of Shade?
When was Shade published?
What is the genre of Shade?
How many pages does Shade have?
Can you summarize Shade?
What is Black Magic Sanction (Rachel Morgan, Book 8) about?
Who is the author of Black Magic Sanction (Rachel Morgan, Book 8)?
When was Black Magic Sanction (Rachel Morgan, Book 8) published?
What is the genre of Black Magic Sanction (Rachel Morgan, Book 8)?
How many pages does Black Magic Sanction (Rachel Morgan, Book 8) have?
Can you summarize Black Magic Sanction (Rachel Morgan, Book 8)?
What is The scent of rain and lightning about?
Who is the author of The scent of rain and lightning?
When was The scent of rain and lightning published?
What is the genre of The scent of rain and lightning?
How many pages does The scent of rain and lightning have?
Can you summarize The scent of rain and lightning?
What is The Night Circus about?
Who is the author of The Night Circus?
When was The Night Circus published?
What is the genre of The Night Circus?
How many pages does The Night Circus have?
Can you summarize The Night Circus?
What is Feed about?
Who is the author of Feed?
When was Feed published?
What is the genre of Feed?
How many pages does Feed have?
Can you summarize Feed?
What is The Lonely Polygamist about?
Who is the author of The Lonely Polygamist?
When was The Lonely Polygamist published?
What is the genre of The Lonely Polygamist?
How many pages does The Lonely Polygamist have?
Can you summarize The Lonely Polygamist?
What is 13 to Life about?
Who is the author of 13 to Life?
When was 13 to Life published?
What is the genre of 13 to Life?
How many pages does 13 to Life have?
Can you summarize 13 to Life?
What is Full Dark, No Stars about?
Who is the author of Full Dark, No Stars?
When was Full Dark, No Stars published?
What is the genre of Full Dark, No Stars?
How many pages does Full Dark, No Stars have?
Can you summarize Full Dark, No Stars?
What is Brightly woven about?
Who is the author of Brightly woven?
When was Brightly woven published?
What is the genre of Brightly woven?
How many pages does Brightly woven have?
Can you summarize Brightly woven?
What is Wench about?
Who is the author of Wench?
When was Wench published?
What is the genre of Wench?
How many pages does Wench have?
Can you summarize Wench?
What is Bite Me: A Love Story about?
Who is the author of Bite Me: A Love Story?
When was Bite Me: A Love Story published?
What is the genre of Bite Me: A Love Story?
How many pages does Bite Me: A Love Story have?
Can you summarize Bite Me: A Love Story?
What is Faithful Place about?
Who is the author of Faithful Place?
When was Faithful Place published?
What is the genre of Faithful Place?
How many pages does Faithful Place have?
Can you summarize Faithful Place?
What is The girl who fell from the sky about?
Who is the author of The girl who fell from the sky?
When was The girl who fell from the sky published?
What is the genre of The girl who fell from the sky?
How many pages does The girl who fell from the sky have?
Can you summarize The girl who fell from the sky?
What is Ecstasy Unveiled about?
Who is the author of Ecstasy Unveiled?
When was Ecstasy Unveiled published?
What is the genre of Ecstasy Unveiled?
How many pages does Ecstasy Unveiled have?
Can you summarize Ecstasy Unveiled?
What is Game Change about?
Who is the author of Game Change?
When was Game Change published?
What is the genre of Game Change?
How many pages does Game Change have?
Can you summarize Game Change?
What is Inside Out about?
Who is the author of Inside Out?
When was Inside Out published?
What is the genre of Inside Out?
How many pages does Inside Out have?
Can you summarize Inside Out?
What is Birthmarked about?
Who is the author of Birthmarked?
When was Birthmarked published?
What is the genre of Birthmarked?
How many pages does Birthmarked have?
Can you summarize Birthmarked?
What is Keys to the Demon Prison about?
Who is the author of Keys to the Demon Prison?
When was Keys to the Demon Prison published?
What is the genre of Keys to the Demon Prison?
How many pages does Keys to the Demon Prison have?
Can you summarize Keys to the Demon Prison?
What is Unholy Magic (Downside Ghosts, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Unholy Magic (Downside Ghosts, Book 2)?
When was Unholy Magic (Downside Ghosts, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Unholy Magic (Downside Ghosts, Book 2)?
How many pages does Unholy Magic (Downside Ghosts, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Unholy Magic (Downside Ghosts, Book 2)?
What is City of Fallen Angels about?
Who is the author of City of Fallen Angels?
When was City of Fallen Angels published?
What is the genre of City of Fallen Angels?
How many pages does City of Fallen Angels have?
Can you summarize City of Fallen Angels?
What is Clockwork prince about?
Who is the author of Clockwork prince?
When was Clockwork prince published?
What is the genre of Clockwork prince?
How many pages does Clockwork prince have?
Can you summarize Clockwork prince?
What is Delirium about?
Who is the author of Delirium?
When was Delirium published?
What is the genre of Delirium?
How many pages does Delirium have?
Can you summarize Delirium?
What is Silence about?
Who is the author of Silence?
When was Silence published?
What is the genre of Silence?
How many pages does Silence have?
Can you summarize Silence?
What is The Son of Neptune about?
Who is the author of The Son of Neptune?
When was The Son of Neptune published?
What is the genre of The Son of Neptune?
How many pages does The Son of Neptune have?
Can you summarize The Son of Neptune?
What is The Night Circus about?
Who is the author of The Night Circus?
When was The Night Circus published?
What is the genre of The Night Circus?
How many pages does The Night Circus have?
Can you summarize The Night Circus?
What is Unearthly about?
Who is the author of Unearthly?
When was Unearthly published?
What is the genre of Unearthly?
How many pages does Unearthly have?
Can you summarize Unearthly?
What is Passion about?
Who is the author of Passion?
When was Passion published?
What is the genre of Passion?
How many pages does Passion have?
Can you summarize Passion?
What is Bloodlines about?
Who is the author of Bloodlines?
When was Bloodlines published?
What is the genre of Bloodlines?
How many pages does Bloodlines have?
Can you summarize Bloodlines?
What is A Discovery of Witches about?
Who is the author of A Discovery of Witches?
When was A Discovery of Witches published?
What is the genre of A Discovery of Witches?
How many pages does A Discovery of Witches have?
Can you summarize A Discovery of Witches?
What is Shadowfever : A Mackayla Lane Novel about?
Who is the author of Shadowfever : A Mackayla Lane Novel?
When was Shadowfever : A Mackayla Lane Novel published?
What is the genre of Shadowfever : A Mackayla Lane Novel?
How many pages does Shadowfever : A Mackayla Lane Novel have?
Can you summarize Shadowfever : A Mackayla Lane Novel?
What is The iron queen about?
Who is the author of The iron queen?
When was The iron queen published?
What is the genre of The iron queen?
How many pages does The iron queen have?
Can you summarize The iron queen?
What is Across the Universe about?
Who is the author of Across the Universe?
When was Across the Universe published?
What is the genre of Across the Universe?
How many pages does Across the Universe have?
Can you summarize Across the Universe?
What is Daughter of smoke & bone about?
Who is the author of Daughter of smoke & bone?
When was Daughter of smoke & bone published?
What is the genre of Daughter of smoke & bone?
How many pages does Daughter of smoke & bone have?
Can you summarize Daughter of smoke & bone?
What is Where she went about?
Who is the author of Where she went?
When was Where she went published?
What is the genre of Where she went?
How many pages does Where she went have?
Can you summarize Where she went?
What is Inheritance - The Inheritance Cycle about?
Who is the author of Inheritance - The Inheritance Cycle?
When was Inheritance - The Inheritance Cycle published?
What is the genre of Inheritance - The Inheritance Cycle?
How many pages does Inheritance - The Inheritance Cycle have?
Can you summarize Inheritance - The Inheritance Cycle?
What is Crossed about?
Who is the author of Crossed?
When was Crossed published?
What is the genre of Crossed?
How many pages does Crossed have?
Can you summarize Crossed?
What is Wither about?
Who is the author of Wither?
When was Wither published?
What is the genre of Wither?
How many pages does Wither have?
Can you summarize Wither?
What is The Wise Man’s Fear about?
Who is the author of The Wise Man’s Fear?
When was The Wise Man’s Fear published?
What is the genre of The Wise Man’s Fear?
How many pages does The Wise Man’s Fear have?
Can you summarize The Wise Man’s Fear?
What is Ready Player One about?
Who is the author of Ready Player One?
When was Ready Player One published?
What is the genre of Ready Player One?
How many pages does Ready Player One have?
Can you summarize Ready Player One?
What is The Throne of Fire about?
Who is the author of The Throne of Fire?
When was The Throne of Fire published?
What is the genre of The Throne of Fire?
How many pages does The Throne of Fire have?
Can you summarize The Throne of Fire?
What is Demon Glass about?
Who is the author of Demon Glass?
When was Demon Glass published?
What is the genre of Demon Glass?
How many pages does Demon Glass have?
Can you summarize Demon Glass?
What is The Iron Knight about?
Who is the author of The Iron Knight?
When was The Iron Knight published?
What is the genre of The Iron Knight?
How many pages does The Iron Knight have?
Can you summarize The Iron Knight?
What is The Gathering about?
Who is the author of The Gathering?
When was The Gathering published?
What is the genre of The Gathering?
How many pages does The Gathering have?
Can you summarize The Gathering?
What is Die for me about?
Who is the author of Die for me?
When was Die for me published?
What is the genre of Die for me?
How many pages does Die for me have?
Can you summarize Die for me?
What is This Side of the Grave about?
Who is the author of This Side of the Grave?
When was This Side of the Grave published?
What is the genre of This Side of the Grave?
How many pages does This Side of the Grave have?
Can you summarize This Side of the Grave?
What is River Marked about?
Who is the author of River Marked?
When was River Marked published?
What is the genre of River Marked?
How many pages does River Marked have?
Can you summarize River Marked?
What is Shatter me about?
Who is the author of Shatter me?
When was Shatter me published?
What is the genre of Shatter me?
How many pages does Shatter me have?
Can you summarize Shatter me?
What is Supernaturally about?
Who is the author of Supernaturally?
When was Supernaturally published?
What is the genre of Supernaturally?
How many pages does Supernaturally have?
Can you summarize Supernaturally?
What is Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4) about?
Who is the author of Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4)?
When was Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4) published?
What is the genre of Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4)?
How many pages does Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4) have?
Can you summarize Hard Bitten (Chicagoland Vampires, #4)?
What is Fifty shades of Grey about?
Who is the author of Fifty shades of Grey?
When was Fifty shades of Grey published?
What is the genre of Fifty shades of Grey?
How many pages does Fifty shades of Grey have?
Can you summarize Fifty shades of Grey?
What is Magic slays about?
Who is the author of Magic slays?
When was Magic slays published?
What is the genre of Magic slays?
How many pages does Magic slays have?
Can you summarize Magic slays?
What is Beautiful Chaos (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Chaos (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 3)?
When was Beautiful Chaos (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Chaos (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 3)?
How many pages does Beautiful Chaos (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Chaos (Beautiful Creatures Series, Book 3)?
What is Echo McCool, Outlaw Through Time about?
Who is the author of Echo McCool, Outlaw Through Time?
When was Echo McCool, Outlaw Through Time published?
What is the genre of Echo McCool, Outlaw Through Time?
How many pages does Echo McCool, Outlaw Through Time have?
Can you summarize Echo McCool, Outlaw Through Time?
What is Darkest Mercy about?
Who is the author of Darkest Mercy?
When was Darkest Mercy published?
What is the genre of Darkest Mercy?
How many pages does Darkest Mercy have?
Can you summarize Darkest Mercy?
What is Uncommon Criminals (Heist Society #2) about?
Who is the author of Uncommon Criminals (Heist Society #2)?
When was Uncommon Criminals (Heist Society #2) published?
What is the genre of Uncommon Criminals (Heist Society #2)?
How many pages does Uncommon Criminals (Heist Society #2) have?
Can you summarize Uncommon Criminals (Heist Society #2)?
What is Blood red road about?
Who is the author of Blood red road?
When was Blood red road published?
What is the genre of Blood red road?
How many pages does Blood red road have?
Can you summarize Blood red road?
What is Desires of the dead about?
Who is the author of Desires of the dead?
When was Desires of the dead published?
What is the genre of Desires of the dead?
How many pages does Desires of the dead have?
Can you summarize Desires of the dead?
What is Entwined about?
Who is the author of Entwined?
When was Entwined published?
What is the genre of Entwined?
How many pages does Entwined have?
Can you summarize Entwined?
What is 11/22/63 about?
Who is the author of 11/22/63?
When was 11/22/63 published?
What is the genre of 11/22/63?
How many pages does 11/22/63 have?
Can you summarize 11/22/63?
What is Gone Volume 4 Plague about?
Who is the author of Gone Volume 4 Plague?
When was Gone Volume 4 Plague published?
What is the genre of Gone Volume 4 Plague?
How many pages does Gone Volume 4 Plague have?
Can you summarize Gone Volume 4 Plague?
What is Enclave about?
Who is the author of Enclave?
When was Enclave published?
What is the genre of Enclave?
How many pages does Enclave have?
Can you summarize Enclave?
What is Fifty Shades Darker about?
Who is the author of Fifty Shades Darker?
When was Fifty Shades Darker published?
What is the genre of Fifty Shades Darker?
How many pages does Fifty Shades Darker have?
Can you summarize Fifty Shades Darker?
What is Illusions (Wings Series, Book 3) about?
Who is the author of Illusions (Wings Series, Book 3)?
When was Illusions (Wings Series, Book 3) published?
What is the genre of Illusions (Wings Series, Book 3)?
How many pages does Illusions (Wings Series, Book 3) have?
Can you summarize Illusions (Wings Series, Book 3)?
What is Divergent about?
Who is the author of Divergent?
When was Divergent published?
What is the genre of Divergent?
How many pages does Divergent have?
Can you summarize Divergent?
What is Wolfsbane (Nightshade Series, Book 2) about?
Who is the author of Wolfsbane (Nightshade Series, Book 2)?
When was Wolfsbane (Nightshade Series, Book 2) published?
What is the genre of Wolfsbane (Nightshade Series, Book 2)?
How many pages does Wolfsbane (Nightshade Series, Book 2) have?
Can you summarize Wolfsbane (Nightshade Series, Book 2)?
What is Starcrossed about?
Who is the author of Starcrossed?
When was Starcrossed published?
What is the genre of Starcrossed?
How many pages does Starcrossed have?
Can you summarize Starcrossed?
What is One Grave at a Time about?
Who is the author of One Grave at a Time?
When was One Grave at a Time published?
What is the genre of One Grave at a Time?
How many pages does One Grave at a Time have?
Can you summarize One Grave at a Time?
What is Lover Unleashed : A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood about?
Who is the author of Lover Unleashed : A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood?
When was Lover Unleashed : A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood published?
What is the genre of Lover Unleashed : A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood?
How many pages does Lover Unleashed : A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood have?
Can you summarize Lover Unleashed : A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood?
What is First Grave on the Right about?
Who is the author of First Grave on the Right?
When was First Grave on the Right published?
What is the genre of First Grave on the Right?
How many pages does First Grave on the Right have?
Can you summarize First Grave on the Right?
What is Destined about?
Who is the author of Destined?
When was Destined published?
What is the genre of Destined?
How many pages does Destined have?
Can you summarize Destined?
What is Defiance (Strange Angels, #4) about?
Who is the author of Defiance (Strange Angels, #4)?
When was Defiance (Strange Angels, #4) published?
What is the genre of Defiance (Strange Angels, #4)?
How many pages does Defiance (Strange Angels, #4) have?
Can you summarize Defiance (Strange Angels, #4)?
What is The peach keeper : a novel about?
Who is the author of The peach keeper : a novel?
When was The peach keeper : a novel published?
What is the genre of The peach keeper : a novel?
How many pages does The peach keeper : a novel have?
Can you summarize The peach keeper : a novel?
What is The Death Cure about?
Who is the author of The Death Cure?
When was The Death Cure published?
What is the genre of The Death Cure?
How many pages does The Death Cure have?
Can you summarize The Death Cure?
What is Afterlife about?
Who is the author of Afterlife?
When was Afterlife published?
What is the genre of Afterlife?
How many pages does Afterlife have?
Can you summarize Afterlife?
What is Born At Midnight about?
Who is the author of Born At Midnight?
When was Born At Midnight published?
What is the genre of Born At Midnight?
How many pages does Born At Midnight have?
Can you summarize Born At Midnight?
What is Succubus Revealed about?
Who is the author of Succubus Revealed?
When was Succubus Revealed published?
What is the genre of Succubus Revealed?
How many pages does Succubus Revealed have?
Can you summarize Succubus Revealed?
What is What Happened to Goodbye about?
Who is the author of What Happened to Goodbye?
When was What Happened to Goodbye published?
What is the genre of What Happened to Goodbye?
How many pages does What Happened to Goodbye have?
Can you summarize What Happened to Goodbye?
What is The Warlock about?
Who is the author of The Warlock?
When was The Warlock published?
What is the genre of The Warlock?
How many pages does The Warlock have?
Can you summarize The Warlock?
What is HalfBlood
            
                Covenant about?
Who is the author of HalfBlood
            
                Covenant?
When was HalfBlood
            
                Covenant published?
What is the genre of HalfBlood
            
                Covenant?
How many pages does HalfBlood
            
                Covenant have?
Can you summarize HalfBlood
            
                Covenant?
What is The traitor's emblem about?
Who is the author of The traitor's emblem?
When was The traitor's emblem published?
What is the genre of The traitor's emblem?
How many pages does The traitor's emblem have?
Can you summarize The traitor's emblem?
What is My soul to reap about?
Who is the author of My soul to reap?
When was My soul to reap published?
What is the genre of My soul to reap?
How many pages does My soul to reap have?
Can you summarize My soul to reap?
What is The Vampire Diaries about?
Who is the author of The Vampire Diaries?
When was The Vampire Diaries published?
What is the genre of The Vampire Diaries?
How many pages does The Vampire Diaries have?
Can you summarize The Vampire Diaries?
What is Archangel's Consort about?
Who is the author of Archangel's Consort?
When was Archangel's Consort published?
What is the genre of Archangel's Consort?
How many pages does Archangel's Consort have?
Can you summarize Archangel's Consort?
What is The story of wonder about?
Who is the author of The story of wonder?
When was The story of wonder published?
What is the genre of The story of wonder?
How many pages does The story of wonder have?
Can you summarize The story of wonder?
What is Ghost Story : A Novel of the Dresden Files about?
Who is the author of Ghost Story : A Novel of the Dresden Files?
When was Ghost Story : A Novel of the Dresden Files published?
What is the genre of Ghost Story : A Novel of the Dresden Files?
How many pages does Ghost Story : A Novel of the Dresden Files have?
Can you summarize Ghost Story : A Novel of the Dresden Files?
What is Dreams of a Dark Warrior about?
Who is the author of Dreams of a Dark Warrior?
When was Dreams of a Dark Warrior published?
What is the genre of Dreams of a Dark Warrior?
How many pages does Dreams of a Dark Warrior have?
Can you summarize Dreams of a Dark Warrior?
What is Drink Deep (Chicagoland Vampires, #5) about?
Who is the author of Drink Deep (Chicagoland Vampires, #5)?
When was Drink Deep (Chicagoland Vampires, #5) published?
What is the genre of Drink Deep (Chicagoland Vampires, #5)?
How many pages does Drink Deep (Chicagoland Vampires, #5) have?
Can you summarize Drink Deep (Chicagoland Vampires, #5)?
What is The tiger's wife about?
Who is the author of The tiger's wife?
When was The tiger's wife published?
What is the genre of The tiger's wife?
How many pages does The tiger's wife have?
Can you summarize The tiger's wife?
What is Red glove about?
Who is the author of Red glove?
When was Red glove published?
What is the genre of Red glove?
How many pages does Red glove have?
Can you summarize Red glove?
What is Second grave on the left about?
Who is the author of Second grave on the left?
When was Second grave on the left published?
What is the genre of Second grave on the left?
How many pages does Second grave on the left have?
Can you summarize Second grave on the left?
What is Eona about?
Who is the author of Eona?
When was Eona published?
What is the genre of Eona?
How many pages does Eona have?
Can you summarize Eona?
What is Abandon about?
Who is the author of Abandon?
When was Abandon published?
What is the genre of Abandon?
How many pages does Abandon have?
Can you summarize Abandon?
What is Anna dressed in blood about?
Who is the author of Anna dressed in blood?
When was Anna dressed in blood published?
What is the genre of Anna dressed in blood?
How many pages does Anna dressed in blood have?
Can you summarize Anna dressed in blood?
What is Smokin Seventeen about?
Who is the author of Smokin Seventeen?
When was Smokin Seventeen published?
What is the genre of Smokin Seventeen?
How many pages does Smokin Seventeen have?
Can you summarize Smokin Seventeen?
What is The Language of Flowers about?
Who is the author of The Language of Flowers?
When was The Language of Flowers published?
What is the genre of The Language of Flowers?
How many pages does The Language of Flowers have?
Can you summarize The Language of Flowers?
What is The power of Six about?
Who is the author of The power of Six?
When was The power of Six published?
What is the genre of The power of Six?
How many pages does The power of Six have?
Can you summarize The power of Six?
What is The Carrier of the Mark about?
Who is the author of The Carrier of the Mark?
When was The Carrier of the Mark published?
What is the genre of The Carrier of the Mark?
How many pages does The Carrier of the Mark have?
Can you summarize The Carrier of the Mark?
What is In the garden of beasts about?
Who is the author of In the garden of beasts?
When was In the garden of beasts published?
What is the genre of In the garden of beasts?
How many pages does In the garden of beasts have?
Can you summarize In the garden of beasts?
What is Kiss of Snow about?
Who is the author of Kiss of Snow?
When was Kiss of Snow published?
What is the genre of Kiss of Snow?
How many pages does Kiss of Snow have?
Can you summarize Kiss of Snow?
What is Dragon's Oath about?
Who is the author of Dragon's Oath?
When was Dragon's Oath published?
What is the genre of Dragon's Oath?
How many pages does Dragon's Oath have?
Can you summarize Dragon's Oath?
What is The Paris wife about?
Who is the author of The Paris wife?
When was The Paris wife published?
What is the genre of The Paris wife?
How many pages does The Paris wife have?
Can you summarize The Paris wife?
What is Iron Crowned about?
Who is the author of Iron Crowned?
When was Iron Crowned published?
What is the genre of Iron Crowned?
How many pages does Iron Crowned have?
Can you summarize Iron Crowned?
What is The Hidden (The Hollow, #3) about?
Who is the author of The Hidden (The Hollow, #3)?
When was The Hidden (The Hollow, #3) published?
What is the genre of The Hidden (The Hollow, #3)?
How many pages does The Hidden (The Hollow, #3) have?
Can you summarize The Hidden (The Hollow, #3)?
What is The Lover's Dictionary about?
Who is the author of The Lover's Dictionary?
When was The Lover's Dictionary published?
What is the genre of The Lover's Dictionary?
How many pages does The Lover's Dictionary have?
Can you summarize The Lover's Dictionary?
What is Angel of vengeance about?
Who is the author of Angel of vengeance?
When was Angel of vengeance published?
What is the genre of Angel of vengeance?
How many pages does Angel of vengeance have?
Can you summarize Angel of vengeance?
What is My Soul to Steal about?
Who is the author of My Soul to Steal?
When was My Soul to Steal published?
What is the genre of My Soul to Steal?
How many pages does My Soul to Steal have?
Can you summarize My Soul to Steal?
What is Reckoning (Strange Angels, #5) about?
Who is the author of Reckoning (Strange Angels, #5)?
When was Reckoning (Strange Angels, #5) published?
What is the genre of Reckoning (Strange Angels, #5)?
How many pages does Reckoning (Strange Angels, #5) have?
Can you summarize Reckoning (Strange Angels, #5)?
What is Insurgent (Divergent #2) about?
Who is the author of Insurgent (Divergent #2)?
When was Insurgent (Divergent #2) published?
What is the genre of Insurgent (Divergent #2)?
How many pages does Insurgent (Divergent #2) have?
Can you summarize Insurgent (Divergent #2)?
What is City of Lost Souls about?
Who is the author of City of Lost Souls?
When was City of Lost Souls published?
What is the genre of City of Lost Souls?
How many pages does City of Lost Souls have?
Can you summarize City of Lost Souls?
What is Pandemonium about?
Who is the author of Pandemonium?
When was Pandemonium published?
What is the genre of Pandemonium?
How many pages does Pandemonium have?
Can you summarize Pandemonium?
What is Easy about?
Who is the author of Easy?
When was Easy published?
What is the genre of Easy?
How many pages does Easy have?
Can you summarize Easy?
What is The Golden Lily about?
Who is the author of The Golden Lily?
When was The Golden Lily published?
What is the genre of The Golden Lily?
How many pages does The Golden Lily have?
Can you summarize The Golden Lily?
What is The Selection about?
Who is the author of The Selection?
When was The Selection published?
What is the genre of The Selection?
How many pages does The Selection have?
Can you summarize The Selection?
What is Fifty Shades Freed about?
Who is the author of Fifty Shades Freed?
When was Fifty Shades Freed published?
What is the genre of Fifty Shades Freed?
How many pages does Fifty Shades Freed have?
Can you summarize Fifty Shades Freed?
What is Third Grave Dead Ahead about?
Who is the author of Third Grave Dead Ahead?
When was Third Grave Dead Ahead published?
What is the genre of Third Grave Dead Ahead?
How many pages does Third Grave Dead Ahead have?
Can you summarize Third Grave Dead Ahead?
What is Lover reborn about?
Who is the author of Lover reborn?
When was Lover reborn published?
What is the genre of Lover reborn?
How many pages does Lover reborn have?
Can you summarize Lover reborn?
What is Under the Never Sky about?
Who is the author of Under the Never Sky?
When was Under the Never Sky published?
What is the genre of Under the Never Sky?
How many pages does Under the Never Sky have?
Can you summarize Under the Never Sky?
What is Defending Jacob about?
Who is the author of Defending Jacob?
When was Defending Jacob published?
What is the genre of Defending Jacob?
How many pages does Defending Jacob have?
Can you summarize Defending Jacob?
What is Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet
            
                Charley Davidson about?
Who is the author of Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet
            
                Charley Davidson?
When was Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet
            
                Charley Davidson published?
What is the genre of Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet
            
                Charley Davidson?
How many pages does Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet
            
                Charley Davidson have?
Can you summarize Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet
            
                Charley Davidson?
What is Shadow of Night about?
Who is the author of Shadow of Night?
When was Shadow of Night published?
What is the genre of Shadow of Night?
How many pages does Shadow of Night have?
Can you summarize Shadow of Night?
What is Hallowed about?
Who is the author of Hallowed?
When was Hallowed published?
What is the genre of Hallowed?
How many pages does Hallowed have?
Can you summarize Hallowed?
What is The Serpent's Shadow about?
Who is the author of The Serpent's Shadow?
When was The Serpent's Shadow published?
What is the genre of The Serpent's Shadow?
How many pages does The Serpent's Shadow have?
Can you summarize The Serpent's Shadow?
What is The Immortal Rules about?
Who is the author of The Immortal Rules?
When was The Immortal Rules published?
What is the genre of The Immortal Rules?
How many pages does The Immortal Rules have?
Can you summarize The Immortal Rules?
What is Bitterblue about?
Who is the author of Bitterblue?
When was Bitterblue published?
What is the genre of Bitterblue?
How many pages does Bitterblue have?
Can you summarize Bitterblue?
What is Hex Hall Spell Bound about?
Who is the author of Hex Hall Spell Bound?
When was Hex Hall Spell Bound published?
What is the genre of Hex Hall Spell Bound?
How many pages does Hex Hall Spell Bound have?
Can you summarize Hex Hall Spell Bound?
What is Once Burned about?
Who is the author of Once Burned?
When was Once Burned published?
What is the genre of Once Burned?
How many pages does Once Burned have?
Can you summarize Once Burned?
What is I've Got Your Number about?
Who is the author of I've Got Your Number?
When was I've Got Your Number published?
What is the genre of I've Got Your Number?
How many pages does I've Got Your Number have?
Can you summarize I've Got Your Number?
What is Lothaire about?
Who is the author of Lothaire?
When was Lothaire published?
What is the genre of Lothaire?
How many pages does Lothaire have?
Can you summarize Lothaire?
What is The Mark of Athena about?
Who is the author of The Mark of Athena?
When was The Mark of Athena published?
What is the genre of The Mark of Athena?
How many pages does The Mark of Athena have?
Can you summarize The Mark of Athena?
What is Wild about?
Who is the author of Wild?
When was Wild published?
What is the genre of Wild?
How many pages does Wild have?
Can you summarize Wild?
What is A Million Suns (Across the Universe #2) about?
Who is the author of A Million Suns (Across the Universe #2)?
When was A Million Suns (Across the Universe #2) published?
What is the genre of A Million Suns (Across the Universe #2)?
How many pages does A Million Suns (Across the Universe #2) have?
Can you summarize A Million Suns (Across the Universe #2)?
What is The light between oceans about?
Who is the author of The light between oceans?
When was The light between oceans published?
What is the genre of The light between oceans?
How many pages does The light between oceans have?
Can you summarize The light between oceans?
What is Everneath about?
Who is the author of Everneath?
When was Everneath published?
What is the genre of Everneath?
How many pages does Everneath have?
Can you summarize Everneath?
What is Sweet evil about?
Who is the author of Sweet evil?
When was Sweet evil published?
What is the genre of Sweet evil?
How many pages does Sweet evil have?
Can you summarize Sweet evil?
What is Quiet about?
Who is the author of Quiet?
When was Quiet published?
What is the genre of Quiet?
How many pages does Quiet have?
Can you summarize Quiet?
What is Deadlocked about?
Who is the author of Deadlocked?
When was Deadlocked published?
What is the genre of Deadlocked?
How many pages does Deadlocked have?
Can you summarize Deadlocked?
What is The Darkest Seduction about?
Who is the author of The Darkest Seduction?
When was The Darkest Seduction published?
What is the genre of The Darkest Seduction?
How many pages does The Darkest Seduction have?
Can you summarize The Darkest Seduction?
What is Darker after Midnight about?
Who is the author of Darker after Midnight?
When was Darker after Midnight published?
What is the genre of Darker after Midnight?
How many pages does Darker after Midnight have?
Can you summarize Darker after Midnight?
What is Let's pretend this never happened (a mostly true memoir) about?
Who is the author of Let's pretend this never happened (a mostly true memoir)?
When was Let's pretend this never happened (a mostly true memoir) published?
What is the genre of Let's pretend this never happened (a mostly true memoir)?
How many pages does Let's pretend this never happened (a mostly true memoir) have?
Can you summarize Let's pretend this never happened (a mostly true memoir)?
What is The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight about?
Who is the author of The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight?
When was The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight published?
What is the genre of The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight?
How many pages does The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight have?
Can you summarize The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight?
What is Fair Game about?
Who is the author of Fair Game?
When was Fair Game published?
What is the genre of Fair Game?
How many pages does Fair Game have?
Can you summarize Fair Game?
What is Death and the girl next door about?
Who is the author of Death and the girl next door?
When was Death and the girl next door published?
What is the genre of Death and the girl next door?
How many pages does Death and the girl next door have?
Can you summarize Death and the girl next door?
What is Pushing the Limits (Pushing the Limits Series, Book 1) about?
Who is the author of Pushing the Limits (Pushing the Limits Series, Book 1)?
When was Pushing the Limits (Pushing the Limits Series, Book 1) published?
What is the genre of Pushing the Limits (Pushing the Limits Series, Book 1)?
How many pages does Pushing the Limits (Pushing the Limits Series, Book 1) have?
Can you summarize Pushing the Limits (Pushing the Limits Series, Book 1)?
What is Fever about?
Who is the author of Fever?
When was Fever published?
What is the genre of Fever?
How many pages does Fever have?
Can you summarize Fever?
What is Black dawn about?
Who is the author of Black dawn?
When was Black dawn published?
What is the genre of Black dawn?
How many pages does Black dawn have?
Can you summarize Black dawn?
What is Reflected In You about?
Who is the author of Reflected In You?
When was Reflected In You published?
What is the genre of Reflected In You?
How many pages does Reflected In You have?
Can you summarize Reflected In You?
What is The Age of Miracles about?
Who is the author of The Age of Miracles?
When was The Age of Miracles published?
What is the genre of The Age of Miracles?
How many pages does The Age of Miracles have?
Can you summarize The Age of Miracles?
What is Pure about?
Who is the author of Pure?
When was Pure published?
What is the genre of Pure?
How many pages does Pure have?
Can you summarize Pure?
What is Tell the wolves I'm home about?
Who is the author of Tell the wolves I'm home?
When was Tell the wolves I'm home published?
What is the genre of Tell the wolves I'm home?
How many pages does Tell the wolves I'm home have?
Can you summarize Tell the wolves I'm home?
What is The Orphan Master's Son about?
Who is the author of The Orphan Master's Son?
When was The Orphan Master's Son published?
What is the genre of The Orphan Master's Son?
How many pages does The Orphan Master's Son have?
Can you summarize The Orphan Master's Son?
What is The Calling about?
Who is the author of The Calling?
When was The Calling published?
What is the genre of The Calling?
How many pages does The Calling have?
Can you summarize The Calling?
What is Taken at Dusk about?
Who is the author of Taken at Dusk?
When was Taken at Dusk published?
What is the genre of Taken at Dusk?
How many pages does Taken at Dusk have?
Can you summarize Taken at Dusk?
What is Lethal rider about?
Who is the author of Lethal rider?
When was Lethal rider published?
What is the genre of Lethal rider?
How many pages does Lethal rider have?
Can you summarize Lethal rider?
What is The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry about?
Who is the author of The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry?
When was The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry published?
What is the genre of The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry?
How many pages does The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry have?
Can you summarize The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry?
What is Fallen in Love about?
Who is the author of Fallen in Love?
When was Fallen in Love published?
What is the genre of Fallen in Love?
How many pages does Fallen in Love have?
Can you summarize Fallen in Love?
What is Partials Sequence about?
Who is the author of Partials Sequence?
When was Partials Sequence published?
What is the genre of Partials Sequence?
How many pages does Partials Sequence have?
Can you summarize Partials Sequence?
What is Lone Wolf about?
Who is the author of Lone Wolf?
When was Lone Wolf published?
What is the genre of Lone Wolf?
How many pages does Lone Wolf have?
Can you summarize Lone Wolf?
What is The rook about?
Who is the author of The rook?
When was The rook published?
What is the genre of The rook?
How many pages does The rook have?
Can you summarize The rook?
What is Wicked nights about?
Who is the author of Wicked nights?
When was Wicked nights published?
What is the genre of Wicked nights?
How many pages does Wicked nights have?
Can you summarize Wicked nights?
What is Until I die about?
Who is the author of Until I die?
When was Until I die published?
What is the genre of Until I die?
How many pages does Until I die have?
Can you summarize Until I die?
What is The marriage bargain about?
Who is the author of The marriage bargain?
When was The marriage bargain published?
What is the genre of The marriage bargain?
How many pages does The marriage bargain have?
Can you summarize The marriage bargain?
What is Unknown Title about?
Who is the author of Unknown Title?
When was Unknown Title published?
What is the genre of Unknown Title?
How many pages does Unknown Title have?
Can you summarize Unknown Title?
What is No More Wasted Time about?
Who is the author of No More Wasted Time?
When was No More Wasted Time published?
What is the genre of No More Wasted Time?
How many pages does No More Wasted Time have?
Can you summarize No More Wasted Time?
What is Beautiful ruins about?
Who is the author of Beautiful ruins?
When was Beautiful ruins published?
What is the genre of Beautiful ruins?
How many pages does Beautiful ruins have?
Can you summarize Beautiful ruins?
What is Fear about?
Who is the author of Fear?
When was Fear published?
What is the genre of Fear?
How many pages does Fear have?
Can you summarize Fear?
What is Infamous about?
Who is the author of Infamous?
When was Infamous published?
What is the genre of Infamous?
How many pages does Infamous have?
Can you summarize Infamous?
What is A perfect blood about?
Who is the author of A perfect blood?
When was A perfect blood published?
What is the genre of A perfect blood?
How many pages does A perfect blood have?
Can you summarize A perfect blood?
What is The Edge of Never about?
Who is the author of The Edge of Never?
When was The Edge of Never published?
What is the genre of The Edge of Never?
How many pages does The Edge of Never have?
Can you summarize The Edge of Never?
What is Celebrity in Death about?
Who is the author of Celebrity in Death?
When was Celebrity in Death published?
What is the genre of Celebrity in Death?
How many pages does Celebrity in Death have?
Can you summarize Celebrity in Death?
What is Unraveling about?
Who is the author of Unraveling?
When was Unraveling published?
What is the genre of Unraveling?
How many pages does Unraveling have?
Can you summarize Unraveling?
What is Dreamless about?
Who is the author of Dreamless?
When was Dreamless published?
What is the genre of Dreamless?
How many pages does Dreamless have?
Can you summarize Dreamless?
What is Where'd You Go, Bernadette about?
Who is the author of Where'd You Go, Bernadette?
When was Where'd You Go, Bernadette published?
What is the genre of Where'd You Go, Bernadette?
How many pages does Where'd You Go, Bernadette have?
Can you summarize Where'd You Go, Bernadette?
What is Finale about?
Who is the author of Finale?
When was Finale published?
What is the genre of Finale?
How many pages does Finale have?
Can you summarize Finale?
What is Pure about?
Who is the author of Pure?
When was Pure published?
What is the genre of Pure?
How many pages does Pure have?
Can you summarize Pure?
What is Tangle of Need about?
Who is the author of Tangle of Need?
When was Tangle of Need published?
What is the genre of Tangle of Need?
How many pages does Tangle of Need have?
Can you summarize Tangle of Need?
What is 13 about?
Who is the author of 13?
When was 13 published?
What is the genre of 13?
How many pages does 13 have?
Can you summarize 13?
What is The Witch Is Back about?
Who is the author of The Witch Is Back?
When was The Witch Is Back published?
What is the genre of The Witch Is Back?
How many pages does The Witch Is Back have?
Can you summarize The Witch Is Back?
What is Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors about?
Who is the author of Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors?
When was Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors published?
What is the genre of Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors?
How many pages does Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors have?
Can you summarize Nice Girls Don't Bite Their Neighbors?
What is The Winemaker's Dinner about?
Who is the author of The Winemaker's Dinner?
When was The Winemaker's Dinner published?
What is the genre of The Winemaker's Dinner?
How many pages does The Winemaker's Dinner have?
Can you summarize The Winemaker's Dinner?
What is Fated about?
Who is the author of Fated?
When was Fated published?
What is the genre of Fated?
How many pages does Fated have?
Can you summarize Fated?
What is The Casual Vacancy about?
Who is the author of The Casual Vacancy?
When was The Casual Vacancy published?
What is the genre of The Casual Vacancy?
How many pages does The Casual Vacancy have?
Can you summarize The Casual Vacancy?
What is Article 5 about?
Who is the author of Article 5?
When was Article 5 published?
What is the genre of Article 5?
How many pages does Article 5 have?
Can you summarize Article 5?
What is Walking disaster about?
Who is the author of Walking disaster?
When was Walking disaster published?
What is the genre of Walking disaster?
How many pages does Walking disaster have?
Can you summarize Walking disaster?
What is Clockwork Princess about?
Who is the author of Clockwork Princess?
When was Clockwork Princess published?
What is the genre of Clockwork Princess?
How many pages does Clockwork Princess have?
Can you summarize Clockwork Princess?
What is Beautiful Bastard about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Bastard?
When was Beautiful Bastard published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Bastard?
How many pages does Beautiful Bastard have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Bastard?
What is Allegiant about?
Who is the author of Allegiant?
When was Allegiant published?
What is the genre of Allegiant?
How many pages does Allegiant have?
Can you summarize Allegiant?
What is Lover At Last about?
Who is the author of Lover At Last?
When was Lover At Last published?
What is the genre of Lover At Last?
How many pages does Lover At Last have?
Can you summarize Lover At Last?
What is Fifth grave past the light about?
Who is the author of Fifth grave past the light?
When was Fifth grave past the light published?
What is the genre of Fifth grave past the light?
How many pages does Fifth grave past the light have?
Can you summarize Fifth grave past the light?
What is Scarlet about?
Who is the author of Scarlet?
When was Scarlet published?
What is the genre of Scarlet?
How many pages does Scarlet have?
Can you summarize Scarlet?
What is The Indigo Spell about?
Who is the author of The Indigo Spell?
When was The Indigo Spell published?
What is the genre of The Indigo Spell?
How many pages does The Indigo Spell have?
Can you summarize The Indigo Spell?
What is Beauty From Pain about?
Who is the author of Beauty From Pain?
When was Beauty From Pain published?
What is the genre of Beauty From Pain?
How many pages does Beauty From Pain have?
Can you summarize Beauty From Pain?
What is The Elite about?
Who is the author of The Elite?
When was The Elite published?
What is the genre of The Elite?
How many pages does The Elite have?
Can you summarize The Elite?
What is Beautiful stranger about?
Who is the author of Beautiful stranger?
When was Beautiful stranger published?
What is the genre of Beautiful stranger?
How many pages does Beautiful stranger have?
Can you summarize Beautiful stranger?
What is Prodigy about?
Who is the author of Prodigy?
When was Prodigy published?
What is the genre of Prodigy?
How many pages does Prodigy have?
Can you summarize Prodigy?
What is Unravel me about?
Who is the author of Unravel me?
When was Unravel me published?
What is the genre of Unravel me?
How many pages does Unravel me have?
Can you summarize Unravel me?
What is Frost Burned                            Mercy Thompson about?
Who is the author of Frost Burned                            Mercy Thompson?
When was Frost Burned                            Mercy Thompson published?
What is the genre of Frost Burned                            Mercy Thompson?
How many pages does Frost Burned                            Mercy Thompson have?
Can you summarize Frost Burned                            Mercy Thompson?
What is Rush about?
Who is the author of Rush?
When was Rush published?
What is the genre of Rush?
How many pages does Rush have?
Can you summarize Rush?
What is Through The Ever Night about?
Who is the author of Through The Ever Night?
When was Through The Ever Night published?
What is the genre of Through The Ever Night?
How many pages does Through The Ever Night have?
Can you summarize Through The Ever Night?
What is Requiem about?
Who is the author of Requiem?
When was Requiem published?
What is the genre of Requiem?
How many pages does Requiem have?
Can you summarize Requiem?
What is Down London Road about?
Who is the author of Down London Road?
When was Down London Road published?
What is the genre of Down London Road?
How many pages does Down London Road have?
Can you summarize Down London Road?
What is Redemption Of Callie And Kayden The about?
Who is the author of Redemption Of Callie And Kayden The?
When was Redemption Of Callie And Kayden The published?
What is the genre of Redemption Of Callie And Kayden The?
How many pages does Redemption Of Callie And Kayden The have?
Can you summarize Redemption Of Callie And Kayden The?
What is Release Me: A Novel about?
Who is the author of Release Me: A Novel?
When was Release Me: A Novel published?
What is the genre of Release Me: A Novel?
How many pages does Release Me: A Novel have?
Can you summarize Release Me: A Novel?
What is Gabriel's redemption about?
Who is the author of Gabriel's redemption?
When was Gabriel's redemption published?
What is the genre of Gabriel's redemption?
How many pages does Gabriel's redemption have?
Can you summarize Gabriel's redemption?
What is Sins & Needles about?
Who is the author of Sins & Needles?
When was Sins & Needles published?
What is the genre of Sins & Needles?
How many pages does Sins & Needles have?
Can you summarize Sins & Needles?
What is The Ocean at the End of the Lane about?
Who is the author of The Ocean at the End of the Lane?
When was The Ocean at the End of the Lane published?
What is the genre of The Ocean at the End of the Lane?
How many pages does The Ocean at the End of the Lane have?
Can you summarize The Ocean at the End of the Lane?
What is Hot Ticket about?
Who is the author of Hot Ticket?
When was Hot Ticket published?
What is the genre of Hot Ticket?
How many pages does Hot Ticket have?
Can you summarize Hot Ticket?
What is Fever about?
Who is the author of Fever?
When was Fever published?
What is the genre of Fever?
How many pages does Fever have?
Can you summarize Fever?
What is Twice Tempted about?
Who is the author of Twice Tempted?
When was Twice Tempted published?
What is the genre of Twice Tempted?
How many pages does Twice Tempted have?
Can you summarize Twice Tempted?
What is Apollyon about?
Who is the author of Apollyon?
When was Apollyon published?
What is the genre of Apollyon?
How many pages does Apollyon have?
Can you summarize Apollyon?
What is Claim me about?
Who is the author of Claim me?
When was Claim me published?
What is the genre of Claim me?
How many pages does Claim me have?
Can you summarize Claim me?
What is Magic Rises Kate Daniels 6 about?
Who is the author of Magic Rises Kate Daniels 6?
When was Magic Rises Kate Daniels 6 published?
What is the genre of Magic Rises Kate Daniels 6?
How many pages does Magic Rises Kate Daniels 6 have?
Can you summarize Magic Rises Kate Daniels 6?
What is Boundless about?
Who is the author of Boundless?
When was Boundless published?
What is the genre of Boundless?
How many pages does Boundless have?
Can you summarize Boundless?
What is Ever after about?
Who is the author of Ever after?
When was Ever after published?
What is the genre of Ever after?
How many pages does Ever after have?
Can you summarize Ever after?
What is Heart of Obsidian about?
Who is the author of Heart of Obsidian?
When was Heart of Obsidian published?
What is the genre of Heart of Obsidian?
How many pages does Heart of Obsidian have?
Can you summarize Heart of Obsidian?
What is The Storyteller about?
Who is the author of The Storyteller?
When was The Storyteller published?
What is the genre of The Storyteller?
How many pages does The Storyteller have?
Can you summarize The Storyteller?
What is Damaged about?
Who is the author of Damaged?
When was Damaged published?
What is the genre of Damaged?
How many pages does Damaged have?
Can you summarize Damaged?
What is Vanilla on Top about?
Who is the author of Vanilla on Top?
When was Vanilla on Top published?
What is the genre of Vanilla on Top?
How many pages does Vanilla on Top have?
Can you summarize Vanilla on Top?
What is Going under about?
Who is the author of Going under?
When was Going under published?
What is the genre of Going under?
How many pages does Going under have?
Can you summarize Going under?
What is Macrieve about?
Who is the author of Macrieve?
When was Macrieve published?
What is the genre of Macrieve?
How many pages does Macrieve have?
Can you summarize Macrieve?
What is Life After Life about?
Who is the author of Life After Life?
When was Life After Life published?
What is the genre of Life After Life?
How many pages does Life After Life have?
Can you summarize Life After Life?
What is Archer's Voice about?
Who is the author of Archer's Voice?
When was Archer's Voice published?
What is the genre of Archer's Voice?
How many pages does Archer's Voice have?
Can you summarize Archer's Voice?
What is City of Heavenly Fire about?
Who is the author of City of Heavenly Fire?
When was City of Heavenly Fire published?
What is the genre of City of Heavenly Fire?
How many pages does City of Heavenly Fire have?
Can you summarize City of Heavenly Fire?
What is The One about?
Who is the author of The One?
When was The One published?
What is the genre of The One?
How many pages does The One have?
Can you summarize The One?
What is Cress about?
Who is the author of Cress?
When was Cress published?
What is the genre of Cress?
How many pages does Cress have?
Can you summarize Cress?
What is The Spice of Life about?
Who is the author of The Spice of Life?
When was The Spice of Life published?
What is the genre of The Spice of Life?
How many pages does The Spice of Life have?
Can you summarize The Spice of Life?
What is Heir of Fire about?
Who is the author of Heir of Fire?
When was Heir of Fire published?
What is the genre of Heir of Fire?
How many pages does Heir of Fire have?
Can you summarize Heir of Fire?
What is Opposition about?
Who is the author of Opposition?
When was Opposition published?
What is the genre of Opposition?
How many pages does Opposition have?
Can you summarize Opposition?
What is The Heroes of Olympus: Book Five about?
Who is the author of The Heroes of Olympus: Book Five?
When was The Heroes of Olympus: Book Five published?
What is the genre of The Heroes of Olympus: Book Five?
How many pages does The Heroes of Olympus: Book Five have?
Can you summarize The Heroes of Olympus: Book Five?
What is Dreams of Gods and Monsters about?
Who is the author of Dreams of Gods and Monsters?
When was Dreams of Gods and Monsters published?
What is the genre of Dreams of Gods and Monsters?
How many pages does Dreams of Gods and Monsters have?
Can you summarize Dreams of Gods and Monsters?
What is Silver Shadows about?
Who is the author of Silver Shadows?
When was Silver Shadows published?
What is the genre of Silver Shadows?
How many pages does Silver Shadows have?
Can you summarize Silver Shadows?
What is Rare and Precious Things about?
Who is the author of Rare and Precious Things?
When was Rare and Precious Things published?
What is the genre of Rare and Precious Things?
How many pages does Rare and Precious Things have?
Can you summarize Rare and Precious Things?
What is The retribution of Mara Dyer about?
Who is the author of The retribution of Mara Dyer?
When was The retribution of Mara Dyer published?
What is the genre of The retribution of Mara Dyer?
How many pages does The retribution of Mara Dyer have?
Can you summarize The retribution of Mara Dyer?
What is Into the still blue about?
Who is the author of Into the still blue?
When was Into the still blue published?
What is the genre of Into the still blue?
How many pages does Into the still blue have?
Can you summarize Into the still blue?
What is Nash about?
Who is the author of Nash?
When was Nash published?
What is the genre of Nash?
How many pages does Nash have?
Can you summarize Nash?
What is Breakable about?
Who is the author of Breakable?
When was Breakable published?
What is the genre of Breakable?
How many pages does Breakable have?
Can you summarize Breakable?
What is All the Light We Cannot See about?
Who is the author of All the Light We Cannot See?
When was All the Light We Cannot See published?
What is the genre of All the Light We Cannot See?
How many pages does All the Light We Cannot See have?
Can you summarize All the Light We Cannot See?
What is Tied With Me about?
Who is the author of Tied With Me?
When was Tied With Me published?
What is the genre of Tied With Me?
How many pages does Tied With Me have?
Can you summarize Tied With Me?
What is Rusty Nailed about?
Who is the author of Rusty Nailed?
When was Rusty Nailed published?
What is the genre of Rusty Nailed?
How many pages does Rusty Nailed have?
Can you summarize Rusty Nailed?
What is Walking on air about?
Who is the author of Walking on air?
When was Walking on air published?
What is the genre of Walking on air?
How many pages does Walking on air have?
Can you summarize Walking on air?
What is Words of Radiance about?
Who is the author of Words of Radiance?
When was Words of Radiance published?
What is the genre of Words of Radiance?
How many pages does Words of Radiance have?
Can you summarize Words of Radiance?
What is Sweet filthy boy about?
Who is the author of Sweet filthy boy?
When was Sweet filthy boy published?
What is the genre of Sweet filthy boy?
How many pages does Sweet filthy boy have?
Can you summarize Sweet filthy boy?
What is Stay with me about?
Who is the author of Stay with me?
When was Stay with me published?
What is the genre of Stay with me?
How many pages does Stay with me have?
Can you summarize Stay with me?
What is Come to me quietly about?
Who is the author of Come to me quietly?
When was Come to me quietly published?
What is the genre of Come to me quietly?
How many pages does Come to me quietly have?
Can you summarize Come to me quietly?
What is Kaleidoscope about?
Who is the author of Kaleidoscope?
When was Kaleidoscope published?
What is the genre of Kaleidoscope?
How many pages does Kaleidoscope have?
Can you summarize Kaleidoscope?
What is Cruel beauty about?
Who is the author of Cruel beauty?
When was Cruel beauty published?
What is the genre of Cruel beauty?
How many pages does Cruel beauty have?
Can you summarize Cruel beauty?
What is Winner's Curse about?
Who is the author of Winner's Curse?
When was Winner's Curse published?
What is the genre of Winner's Curse?
How many pages does Winner's Curse have?
Can you summarize Winner's Curse?
What is White Hot Kiss about?
Who is the author of White Hot Kiss?
When was White Hot Kiss published?
What is the genre of White Hot Kiss?
How many pages does White Hot Kiss have?
Can you summarize White Hot Kiss?
What is Up from the Grave about?
Who is the author of Up from the Grave?
When was Up from the Grave published?
What is the genre of Up from the Grave?
How many pages does Up from the Grave have?
Can you summarize Up from the Grave?
What is Fall from India Place about?
Who is the author of Fall from India Place?
When was Fall from India Place published?
What is the genre of Fall from India Place?
How many pages does Fall from India Place have?
Can you summarize Fall from India Place?
What is Bad For You about?
Who is the author of Bad For You?
When was Bad For You published?
What is the genre of Bad For You?
How many pages does Bad For You have?
Can you summarize Bad For You?
What is Stepbrother Dearest about?
Who is the author of Stepbrother Dearest?
When was Stepbrother Dearest published?
What is the genre of Stepbrother Dearest?
How many pages does Stepbrother Dearest have?
Can you summarize Stepbrother Dearest?
What is Night broken about?
Who is the author of Night broken?
When was Night broken published?
What is the genre of Night broken?
How many pages does Night broken have?
Can you summarize Night broken?
What is Hothouse Flower about?
Who is the author of Hothouse Flower?
When was Hothouse Flower published?
What is the genre of Hothouse Flower?
How many pages does Hothouse Flower have?
Can you summarize Hothouse Flower?
What is Magic Breaks about?
Who is the author of Magic Breaks?
When was Magic Breaks published?
What is the genre of Magic Breaks?
How many pages does Magic Breaks have?
Can you summarize Magic Breaks?
What is The young elites about?
Who is the author of The young elites?
When was The young elites published?
What is the genre of The young elites?
How many pages does The young elites have?
Can you summarize The young elites?
What is Screwdrivered about?
Who is the author of Screwdrivered?
When was Screwdrivered published?
What is the genre of Screwdrivered?
How many pages does Screwdrivered have?
Can you summarize Screwdrivered?
What is Sixth Grave on the Edge (Charley Davidson) about?
Who is the author of Sixth Grave on the Edge (Charley Davidson)?
When was Sixth Grave on the Edge (Charley Davidson) published?
What is the genre of Sixth Grave on the Edge (Charley Davidson)?
How many pages does Sixth Grave on the Edge (Charley Davidson) have?
Can you summarize Sixth Grave on the Edge (Charley Davidson)?
What is His Secrets about?
Who is the author of His Secrets?
When was His Secrets published?
What is the genre of His Secrets?
How many pages does His Secrets have?
Can you summarize His Secrets?
What is The Silkworm about?
Who is the author of The Silkworm?
When was The Silkworm published?
What is the genre of The Silkworm?
How many pages does The Silkworm have?
Can you summarize The Silkworm?
What is Consumed about?
Who is the author of Consumed?
When was Consumed published?
What is the genre of Consumed?
How many pages does Consumed have?
Can you summarize Consumed?
What is Coming home about?
Who is the author of Coming home?
When was Coming home published?
What is the genre of Coming home?
How many pages does Coming home have?
Can you summarize Coming home?
What is Wanted about?
Who is the author of Wanted?
When was Wanted published?
What is the genre of Wanted?
How many pages does Wanted have?
Can you summarize Wanted?
What is A Court of Thorns and Roses about?
Who is the author of A Court of Thorns and Roses?
When was A Court of Thorns and Roses published?
What is the genre of A Court of Thorns and Roses?
How many pages does A Court of Thorns and Roses have?
Can you summarize A Court of Thorns and Roses?
What is Confess about?
Who is the author of Confess?
When was Confess published?
What is the genre of Confess?
How many pages does Confess have?
Can you summarize Confess?
What is The Girl On the Train about?
Who is the author of The Girl On the Train?
When was The Girl On the Train published?
What is the genre of The Girl On the Train?
How many pages does The Girl On the Train have?
Can you summarize The Girl On the Train?
What is The Mistake about?
Who is the author of The Mistake?
When was The Mistake published?
What is the genre of The Mistake?
How many pages does The Mistake have?
Can you summarize The Mistake?
What is Queen of Shadows about?
Who is the author of Queen of Shadows?
When was Queen of Shadows published?
What is the genre of Queen of Shadows?
How many pages does Queen of Shadows have?
Can you summarize Queen of Shadows?
What is Silver bastard about?
Who is the author of Silver bastard?
When was Silver bastard published?
What is the genre of Silver bastard?
How many pages does Silver bastard have?
Can you summarize Silver bastard?
What is Manwhore about?
Who is the author of Manwhore?
When was Manwhore published?
What is the genre of Manwhore?
How many pages does Manwhore have?
Can you summarize Manwhore?
What is Beautiful Redemption about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Redemption?
When was Beautiful Redemption published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Redemption?
How many pages does Beautiful Redemption have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Redemption?
What is Winter about?
Who is the author of Winter?
When was Winter published?
What is the genre of Winter?
How many pages does Winter have?
Can you summarize Winter?
What is Pucked about?
Who is the author of Pucked?
When was Pucked published?
What is the genre of Pucked?
How many pages does Pucked have?
Can you summarize Pucked?
What is Grey about?
Who is the author of Grey?
When was Grey published?
What is the genre of Grey?
How many pages does Grey have?
Can you summarize Grey?
What is The return about?
Who is the author of The return?
When was The return published?
What is the genre of The return?
How many pages does The return have?
Can you summarize The return?
What is Beautiful Secret about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Secret?
When was Beautiful Secret published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Secret?
How many pages does Beautiful Secret have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Secret?
What is The Nightingale about?
Who is the author of The Nightingale?
When was The Nightingale published?
What is the genre of The Nightingale?
How many pages does The Nightingale have?
Can you summarize The Nightingale?
What is Eighth Grave After Dark (Charley Davidson) about?
Who is the author of Eighth Grave After Dark (Charley Davidson)?
When was Eighth Grave After Dark (Charley Davidson) published?
What is the genre of Eighth Grave After Dark (Charley Davidson)?
How many pages does Eighth Grave After Dark (Charley Davidson) have?
Can you summarize Eighth Grave After Dark (Charley Davidson)?
What is Ride steady about?
Who is the author of Ride steady?
When was Ride steady published?
What is the genre of Ride steady?
How many pages does Ride steady have?
Can you summarize Ride steady?
What is King about?
Who is the author of King?
When was King published?
What is the genre of King?
How many pages does King have?
Can you summarize King?
What is Burned about?
Who is the author of Burned?
When was Burned published?
What is the genre of Burned?
How many pages does Burned have?
Can you summarize Burned?
What is Asa about?
Who is the author of Asa?
When was Asa published?
What is the genre of Asa?
How many pages does Asa have?
Can you summarize Asa?
What is #Hater about?
Who is the author of #Hater?
When was #Hater published?
What is the genre of #Hater?
How many pages does #Hater have?
Can you summarize #Hater?
What is Beautiful Beloved about?
Who is the author of Beautiful Beloved?
When was Beautiful Beloved published?
What is the genre of Beautiful Beloved?
How many pages does Beautiful Beloved have?
Can you summarize Beautiful Beloved?
What is Uprooted about?
Who is the author of Uprooted?
When was Uprooted published?
What is the genre of Uprooted?
How many pages does Uprooted have?
Can you summarize Uprooted?
What is Denial about?
Who is the author of Denial?
When was Denial published?
What is the genre of Denial?
How many pages does Denial have?
Can you summarize Denial?
What is The Wrath & the Dawn about?
Who is the author of The Wrath & the Dawn?
When was The Wrath & the Dawn published?
What is the genre of The Wrath & the Dawn?
How many pages does The Wrath & the Dawn have?
Can you summarize The Wrath & the Dawn?
What is The Ruby Circle about?
Who is the author of The Ruby Circle?
When was The Ruby Circle published?
What is the genre of The Ruby Circle?
How many pages does The Ruby Circle have?
Can you summarize The Ruby Circle?
What is Revved about?
Who is the author of Revved?
When was Revved published?
What is the genre of Revved?
How many pages does Revved have?
Can you summarize Revved?
What is Dead heat about?
Who is the author of Dead heat?
When was Dead heat published?
What is the genre of Dead heat?
How many pages does Dead heat have?
Can you summarize Dead heat?
What is Third Debt about?
Who is the author of Third Debt?
When was Third Debt published?
What is the genre of Third Debt?
How many pages does Third Debt have?
Can you summarize Third Debt?
What is All played out : a Rusk University novel about?
Who is the author of All played out : a Rusk University novel?
When was All played out : a Rusk University novel published?
What is the genre of All played out : a Rusk University novel?
How many pages does All played out : a Rusk University novel have?
Can you summarize All played out : a Rusk University novel?
What is Winner's Crime about?
Who is the author of Winner's Crime?
When was Winner's Crime published?
What is the genre of Winner's Crime?
How many pages does Winner's Crime have?
Can you summarize Winner's Crime?
What is The master about?
Who is the author of The master?
When was The master published?
What is the genre of The master?
How many pages does The master have?
Can you summarize The master?
What is Echo about?
Who is the author of Echo?
When was Echo published?
What is the genre of Echo?
How many pages does Echo have?
Can you summarize Echo?
What is Dark wild night about?
Who is the author of Dark wild night?
When was Dark wild night published?
What is the genre of Dark wild night?
How many pages does Dark wild night have?
Can you summarize Dark wild night?
What is Easy Love about?
Who is the author of Easy Love?
When was Easy Love published?
What is the genre of Easy Love?
How many pages does Easy Love have?
Can you summarize Easy Love?
What is The fill-in boyfriend about?
Who is the author of The fill-in boyfriend?
When was The fill-in boyfriend published?
What is the genre of The fill-in boyfriend?
How many pages does The fill-in boyfriend have?
Can you summarize The fill-in boyfriend?
What is Sustained about?
Who is the author of Sustained?
When was Sustained published?
What is the genre of Sustained?
How many pages does Sustained have?
Can you summarize Sustained?
What is A Darker Shade of Magic about?
Who is the author of A Darker Shade of Magic?
When was A Darker Shade of Magic published?
What is the genre of A Darker Shade of Magic?
How many pages does A Darker Shade of Magic have?
Can you summarize A Darker Shade of Magic?
What is Bound by Flames about?
Who is the author of Bound by Flames?
When was Bound by Flames published?
What is the genre of Bound by Flames?
How many pages does Bound by Flames have?
Can you summarize Bound by Flames?
What is Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda about?
Who is the author of Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda?
When was Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda published?
What is the genre of Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda?
How many pages does Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda have?
Can you summarize Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda?
What is Untamed about?
Who is the author of Untamed?
When was Untamed published?
What is the genre of Untamed?
How many pages does Untamed have?
Can you summarize Untamed?
What is Say My Name about?
Who is the author of Say My Name?
When was Say My Name published?
What is the genre of Say My Name?
How many pages does Say My Name have?
Can you summarize Say My Name?
What is Golden Son about?
Who is the author of Golden Son?
When was Golden Son published?
What is the genre of Golden Son?
How many pages does Golden Son have?
Can you summarize Golden Son?
What is Court of Mist and Fury about?
Who is the author of Court of Mist and Fury?
When was Court of Mist and Fury published?
What is the genre of Court of Mist and Fury?
How many pages does Court of Mist and Fury have?
Can you summarize Court of Mist and Fury?
What is Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices) about?
Who is the author of Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices)?
When was Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices) published?
What is the genre of Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices)?
How many pages does Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices) have?
Can you summarize Lady Midnight (The Dark Artifices)?
What is Glass Sword about?
Who is the author of Glass Sword?
When was Glass Sword published?
What is the genre of Glass Sword?
How many pages does Glass Sword have?
Can you summarize Glass Sword?
What is The Raven King about?
Who is the author of The Raven King?
When was The Raven King published?
What is the genre of The Raven King?
How many pages does The Raven King have?
Can you summarize The Raven King?
What is The Hidden Oracle : Trials of Apollo about?
Who is the author of The Hidden Oracle : Trials of Apollo?
When was The Hidden Oracle : Trials of Apollo published?
What is the genre of The Hidden Oracle : Trials of Apollo?
How many pages does The Hidden Oracle : Trials of Apollo have?
Can you summarize The Hidden Oracle : Trials of Apollo?
What is A Gathering of Shadows about?
Who is the author of A Gathering of Shadows?
When was A Gathering of Shadows published?
What is the genre of A Gathering of Shadows?
How many pages does A Gathering of Shadows have?
Can you summarize A Gathering of Shadows?
What is Morning star about?
Who is the author of Morning star?
When was Morning star published?
What is the genre of Morning star?
How many pages does Morning star have?
Can you summarize Morning star?
What is A Torch Against the Night (An Ember in the Ashes) about?
Who is the author of A Torch Against the Night (An Ember in the Ashes)?
When was A Torch Against the Night (An Ember in the Ashes) published?
What is the genre of A Torch Against the Night (An Ember in the Ashes)?
How many pages does A Torch Against the Night (An Ember in the Ashes) have?
Can you summarize A Torch Against the Night (An Ember in the Ashes)?
What is The Crown about?
Who is the author of The Crown?
When was The Crown published?
What is the genre of The Crown?
How many pages does The Crown have?
Can you summarize The Crown?
What is Heartless about?
Who is the author of Heartless?
When was Heartless published?
What is the genre of Heartless?
How many pages does Heartless have?
Can you summarize Heartless?
What is The Rose & the Dagger about?
Who is the author of The Rose & the Dagger?
When was The Rose & the Dagger published?
What is the genre of The Rose & the Dagger?
How many pages does The Rose & the Dagger have?
Can you summarize The Rose & the Dagger?
What is Dark Matter about?
Who is the author of Dark Matter?
When was Dark Matter published?
What is the genre of Dark Matter?
How many pages does Dark Matter have?
Can you summarize Dark Matter?
What is The winner's kiss about?
Who is the author of The winner's kiss?
When was The winner's kiss published?
What is the genre of The winner's kiss?
How many pages does The winner's kiss have?
Can you summarize The winner's kiss?
What is Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard about?
Who is the author of Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard?
When was Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard published?
What is the genre of Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard?
How many pages does Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard have?
Can you summarize Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard?
What is The last star about?
Who is the author of The last star?
When was The last star published?
What is the genre of The last star?
How many pages does The last star have?
Can you summarize The last star?
What is Passenger about?
Who is the author of Passenger?
When was Passenger published?
What is the genre of Passenger?
How many pages does Passenger have?
Can you summarize Passenger?
What is The beast about?
Who is the author of The beast?
When was The beast published?
What is the genre of The beast?
How many pages does The beast have?
Can you summarize The beast?
What is Gemina about?
Who is the author of Gemina?
When was Gemina published?
What is the genre of Gemina?
How many pages does Gemina have?
Can you summarize Gemina?
What is Hamilton about?
Who is the author of Hamilton?
When was Hamilton published?
What is the genre of Hamilton?
How many pages does Hamilton have?
Can you summarize Hamilton?
What is Stars Above about?
Who is the author of Stars Above?
When was Stars Above published?
What is the genre of Stars Above?
How many pages does Stars Above have?
Can you summarize Stars Above?
What is Lilac Girls about?
Who is the author of Lilac Girls?
When was Lilac Girls published?
What is the genre of Lilac Girls?
How many pages does Lilac Girls have?
Can you summarize Lilac Girls?
What is And I darken about?
Who is the author of And I darken?
When was And I darken published?
What is the genre of And I darken?
How many pages does And I darken have?
Can you summarize And I darken?
What is My Name is Lucy Barton about?
Who is the author of My Name is Lucy Barton?
When was My Name is Lucy Barton published?
What is the genre of My Name is Lucy Barton?
How many pages does My Name is Lucy Barton have?
Can you summarize My Name is Lucy Barton?
What is This Savage Song (Monsters of Verity Book 1) about?
Who is the author of This Savage Song (Monsters of Verity Book 1)?
When was This Savage Song (Monsters of Verity Book 1) published?
What is the genre of This Savage Song (Monsters of Verity Book 1)?
How many pages does This Savage Song (Monsters of Verity Book 1) have?
Can you summarize This Savage Song (Monsters of Verity Book 1)?
What is Behind closed doors about?
Who is the author of Behind closed doors?
When was Behind closed doors published?
What is the genre of Behind closed doors?
How many pages does Behind closed doors have?
Can you summarize Behind closed doors?
What is The Girls about?
Who is the author of The Girls?
When was The Girls published?
What is the genre of The Girls?
How many pages does The Girls have?
Can you summarize The Girls?
What is Sleeping giants about?
Who is the author of Sleeping giants?
When was Sleeping giants published?
What is the genre of Sleeping giants?
How many pages does Sleeping giants have?
Can you summarize Sleeping giants?
What is The Beauty of Darkness about?
Who is the author of The Beauty of Darkness?
When was The Beauty of Darkness published?
What is the genre of The Beauty of Darkness?
How many pages does The Beauty of Darkness have?
Can you summarize The Beauty of Darkness?
What is Calamity about?
Who is the author of Calamity?
When was Calamity published?
What is the genre of Calamity?
How many pages does Calamity have?
Can you summarize Calamity?
What is it's a fugly life about?
Who is the author of it's a fugly life?
When was it's a fugly life published?
What is the genre of it's a fugly life?
How many pages does it's a fugly life have?
Can you summarize it's a fugly life?
What is The Nest about?
Who is the author of The Nest?
When was The Nest published?
What is the genre of The Nest?
How many pages does The Nest have?
Can you summarize The Nest?
What is Feverborn about?
Who is the author of Feverborn?
When was Feverborn published?
What is the genre of Feverborn?
How many pages does Feverborn have?
Can you summarize Feverborn?
What is The unexpected everything about?
Who is the author of The unexpected everything?
When was The unexpected everything published?
What is the genre of The unexpected everything?
How many pages does The unexpected everything have?
Can you summarize The unexpected everything?
What is The Underground Railroad about?
Who is the author of The Underground Railroad?
When was The Underground Railroad published?
What is the genre of The Underground Railroad?
How many pages does The Underground Railroad have?
Can you summarize The Underground Railroad?
What is Crystal storm about?
Who is the author of Crystal storm?
When was Crystal storm published?
What is the genre of Crystal storm?
How many pages does Crystal storm have?
Can you summarize Crystal storm?
What is The star-touched queen about?
Who is the author of The star-touched queen?
When was The star-touched queen published?
What is the genre of The star-touched queen?
How many pages does The star-touched queen have?
Can you summarize The star-touched queen?
What is Fire touched about?
Who is the author of Fire touched?
When was Fire touched published?
What is the genre of Fire touched?
How many pages does Fire touched have?
Can you summarize Fire touched?
What is Vampire Girl (Volume 1) about?
Who is the author of Vampire Girl (Volume 1)?
When was Vampire Girl (Volume 1) published?
What is the genre of Vampire Girl (Volume 1)?
How many pages does Vampire Girl (Volume 1) have?
Can you summarize Vampire Girl (Volume 1)?
What is One with you about?
Who is the author of One with you?
When was One with you published?
What is the genre of One with you?
How many pages does One with you have?
Can you summarize One with you?
What is Before the Fall about?
Who is the author of Before the Fall?
When was Before the Fall published?
What is the genre of Before the Fall?
How many pages does Before the Fall have?
Can you summarize Before the Fall?
What is The two-family house about?
Who is the author of The two-family house?
When was The two-family house published?
What is the genre of The two-family house?
How many pages does The two-family house have?
Can you summarize The two-family house?
What is The problem with forever about?
Who is the author of The problem with forever?
When was The problem with forever published?
What is the genre of The problem with forever?
How many pages does The problem with forever have?
Can you summarize The problem with forever?
What is A Million Worlds With You about?
Who is the author of A Million Worlds With You?
When was A Million Worlds With You published?
What is the genre of A Million Worlds With You?
How many pages does A Million Worlds With You have?
Can you summarize A Million Worlds With You?
What is The Sun is Also a Star about?
Who is the author of The Sun is Also a Star?
When was The Sun is Also a Star published?
What is the genre of The Sun is Also a Star?
How many pages does The Sun is Also a Star have?
Can you summarize The Sun is Also a Star?
What is This Is Where It Ends about?
Who is the author of This Is Where It Ends?
When was This Is Where It Ends published?
What is the genre of This Is Where It Ends?
How many pages does This Is Where It Ends have?
Can you summarize This Is Where It Ends?
What is Small great things about?
Who is the author of Small great things?
When was Small great things published?
What is the genre of Small great things?
How many pages does Small great things have?
Can you summarize Small great things?
What is The widow about?
Who is the author of The widow?
When was The widow published?
What is the genre of The widow?
How many pages does The widow have?
Can you summarize The widow?
What is Eligible about?
Who is the author of Eligible?
When was Eligible published?
What is the genre of Eligible?
How many pages does Eligible have?
Can you summarize Eligible?
What is The Fireman about?
Who is the author of The Fireman?
When was The Fireman published?
What is the genre of The Fireman?
How many pages does The Fireman have?
Can you summarize The Fireman?
What is Evicted about?
Who is the author of Evicted?
When was Evicted published?
What is the genre of Evicted?
How many pages does Evicted have?
Can you summarize Evicted?
What is Truly madly guilty about?
Who is the author of Truly madly guilty?
When was Truly madly guilty published?
What is the genre of Truly madly guilty?
How many pages does Truly madly guilty have?
Can you summarize Truly madly guilty?
What is Tailored for trouble about?
Who is the author of Tailored for trouble?
When was Tailored for trouble published?
What is the genre of Tailored for trouble?
How many pages does Tailored for trouble have?
Can you summarize Tailored for trouble?
What is The midnight star about?
Who is the author of The midnight star?
When was The midnight star published?
What is the genre of The midnight star?
How many pages does The midnight star have?
Can you summarize The midnight star?
What is Broken Prince about?
Who is the author of Broken Prince?
When was Broken Prince published?
What is the genre of Broken Prince?
How many pages does Broken Prince have?
Can you summarize Broken Prince?
What is Firstlife about?
Who is the author of Firstlife?
When was Firstlife published?
What is the genre of Firstlife?
How many pages does Firstlife have?
Can you summarize Firstlife?
What is Every Heart a Doorway about?
Who is the author of Every Heart a Doorway?
When was Every Heart a Doorway published?
What is the genre of Every Heart a Doorway?
How many pages does Every Heart a Doorway have?
Can you summarize Every Heart a Doorway?
What is Crown's Game about?
Who is the author of Crown's Game?
When was Crown's Game published?
What is the genre of Crown's Game?
How many pages does Crown's Game have?
Can you summarize Crown's Game?
What is Summer days and summer nights about?
Who is the author of Summer days and summer nights?
When was Summer days and summer nights published?
What is the genre of Summer days and summer nights?
How many pages does Summer days and summer nights have?
Can you summarize Summer days and summer nights?
What is Hillbilly Elegy about?
Who is the author of Hillbilly Elegy?
When was Hillbilly Elegy published?
What is the genre of Hillbilly Elegy?
How many pages does Hillbilly Elegy have?
Can you summarize Hillbilly Elegy?
What is Vinegar Girl about?
Who is the author of Vinegar Girl?
When was Vinegar Girl published?
What is the genre of Vinegar Girl?
How many pages does Vinegar Girl have?
Can you summarize Vinegar Girl?
What is Jane Steele about?
Who is the author of Jane Steele?
When was Jane Steele published?
What is the genre of Jane Steele?
How many pages does Jane Steele have?
Can you summarize Jane Steele?
What is Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them about?
Who is the author of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
When was Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them published?
What is the genre of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
How many pages does Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them have?
Can you summarize Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
What is Commonwealth about?
Who is the author of Commonwealth?
When was Commonwealth published?
What is the genre of Commonwealth?
How many pages does Commonwealth have?
Can you summarize Commonwealth?
What is A study in Charlotte about?
Who is the author of A study in Charlotte?
When was A study in Charlotte published?
What is the genre of A study in Charlotte?
How many pages does A study in Charlotte have?
Can you summarize A study in Charlotte?
What is Rebel of the Sands about?
Who is the author of Rebel of the Sands?
When was Rebel of the Sands published?
What is the genre of Rebel of the Sands?
How many pages does Rebel of the Sands have?
Can you summarize Rebel of the Sands?
What is The Glittering Court about?
Who is the author of The Glittering Court?
When was The Glittering Court published?
What is the genre of The Glittering Court?
How many pages does The Glittering Court have?
Can you summarize The Glittering Court?
What is The Passenger about?
Who is the author of The Passenger?
When was The Passenger published?
What is the genre of The Passenger?
How many pages does The Passenger have?
Can you summarize The Passenger?
What is The flood girls about?
Who is the author of The flood girls?
When was The flood girls published?
What is the genre of The flood girls?
How many pages does The flood girls have?
Can you summarize The flood girls?
What is Be Frank with Me about?
Who is the author of Be Frank with Me?
When was Be Frank with Me published?
What is the genre of Be Frank with Me?
How many pages does Be Frank with Me have?
Can you summarize Be Frank with Me?
What is Find her about?
Who is the author of Find her?
When was Find her published?
What is the genre of Find her?
How many pages does Find her have?
Can you summarize Find her?
What is Originals about?
Who is the author of Originals?
When was Originals published?
What is the genre of Originals?
How many pages does Originals have?
Can you summarize Originals?
What is The bird and the sword about?
Who is the author of The bird and the sword?
When was The bird and the sword published?
What is the genre of The bird and the sword?
How many pages does The bird and the sword have?
Can you summarize The bird and the sword?
What is United as One (Lorien Legacies) about?
Who is the author of United as One (Lorien Legacies)?
When was United as One (Lorien Legacies) published?
What is the genre of United as One (Lorien Legacies)?
How many pages does United as One (Lorien Legacies) have?
Can you summarize United as One (Lorien Legacies)?
What is A Court of Wings and Ruin about?
Who is the author of A Court of Wings and Ruin?
When was A Court of Wings and Ruin published?
What is the genre of A Court of Wings and Ruin?
How many pages does A Court of Wings and Ruin have?
Can you summarize A Court of Wings and Ruin?
What is Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine: A Novel about?
Who is the author of Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine: A Novel?
When was Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine: A Novel published?
What is the genre of Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine: A Novel?
How many pages does Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine: A Novel have?
Can you summarize Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine: A Novel?
What is A Conjuring of Light about?
Who is the author of A Conjuring of Light?
When was A Conjuring of Light published?
What is the genre of A Conjuring of Light?
How many pages does A Conjuring of Light have?
Can you summarize A Conjuring of Light?
What is Caraval about?
Who is the author of Caraval?
When was Caraval published?
What is the genre of Caraval?
How many pages does Caraval have?
Can you summarize Caraval?
What is Lord of Shadows about?
Who is the author of Lord of Shadows?
When was Lord of Shadows published?
What is the genre of Lord of Shadows?
How many pages does Lord of Shadows have?
Can you summarize Lord of Shadows?
What is The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo about?
Who is the author of The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo?
When was The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo published?
What is the genre of The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo?
How many pages does The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo have?
Can you summarize The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo?
What is Little Fires Everywhere about?
Who is the author of Little Fires Everywhere?
When was Little Fires Everywhere published?
What is the genre of Little Fires Everywhere?
How many pages does Little Fires Everywhere have?
Can you summarize Little Fires Everywhere?
What is Tower of Dawn about?
Who is the author of Tower of Dawn?
When was Tower of Dawn published?
What is the genre of Tower of Dawn?
How many pages does Tower of Dawn have?
Can you summarize Tower of Dawn?
What is The bear and the nightingale about?
Who is the author of The bear and the nightingale?
When was The bear and the nightingale published?
What is the genre of The bear and the nightingale?
How many pages does The bear and the nightingale have?
Can you summarize The bear and the nightingale?
What is Strange the Dreamer about?
Who is the author of Strange the Dreamer?
When was Strange the Dreamer published?
What is the genre of Strange the Dreamer?
How many pages does Strange the Dreamer have?
Can you summarize Strange the Dreamer?
What is Turtles All the Way Down about?
Who is the author of Turtles All the Way Down?
When was Turtles All the Way Down published?
What is the genre of Turtles All the Way Down?
How many pages does Turtles All the Way Down have?
Can you summarize Turtles All the Way Down?
What is King's Cage (Red Queen Book 3) about?
Who is the author of King's Cage (Red Queen Book 3)?
When was King's Cage (Red Queen Book 3) published?
What is the genre of King's Cage (Red Queen Book 3)?
How many pages does King's Cage (Red Queen Book 3) have?
Can you summarize King's Cage (Red Queen Book 3)?
What is The Trials of Apollo about?
Who is the author of The Trials of Apollo?
When was The Trials of Apollo published?
What is the genre of The Trials of Apollo?
How many pages does The Trials of Apollo have?
Can you summarize The Trials of Apollo?
What is One of Us Is Lying about?
Who is the author of One of Us Is Lying?
When was One of Us Is Lying published?
What is the genre of One of Us Is Lying?
How many pages does One of Us Is Lying have?
Can you summarize One of Us Is Lying?
What is Exit West about?
Who is the author of Exit West?
When was Exit West published?
What is the genre of Exit West?
How many pages does Exit West have?
Can you summarize Exit West?
What is Lincoln in the Bardo about?
Who is the author of Lincoln in the Bardo?
When was Lincoln in the Bardo published?
What is the genre of Lincoln in the Bardo?
How many pages does Lincoln in the Bardo have?
Can you summarize Lincoln in the Bardo?
What is The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue about?
Who is the author of The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue?
When was The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue published?
What is the genre of The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue?
How many pages does The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue have?
Can you summarize The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue?
What is Always And Forever, Lara Jean about?
Who is the author of Always And Forever, Lara Jean?
When was Always And Forever, Lara Jean published?
What is the genre of Always And Forever, Lara Jean?
How many pages does Always And Forever, Lara Jean have?
Can you summarize Always And Forever, Lara Jean?
What is Into the water about?
Who is the author of Into the water?
When was Into the water published?
What is the genre of Into the water?
How many pages does Into the water have?
Can you summarize Into the water?
What is Warcross about?
Who is the author of Warcross?
When was Warcross published?
What is the genre of Warcross?
How many pages does Warcross have?
Can you summarize Warcross?
What is Carve the Mark about?
Who is the author of Carve the Mark?
When was Carve the Mark published?
What is the genre of Carve the Mark?
How many pages does Carve the Mark have?
Can you summarize Carve the Mark?
What is Before We Were Yours: A Novel about?
Who is the author of Before We Were Yours: A Novel?
When was Before We Were Yours: A Novel published?
What is the genre of Before We Were Yours: A Novel?
How many pages does Before We Were Yours: A Novel have?
Can you summarize Before We Were Yours: A Novel?
What is White Hot about?
Who is the author of White Hot?
When was White Hot published?
What is the genre of White Hot?
How many pages does White Hot have?
Can you summarize White Hot?
What is Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel about?
Who is the author of Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel?
When was Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel published?
What is the genre of Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel?
How many pages does Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel have?
Can you summarize Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel?
What is Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI about?
Who is the author of Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI?
When was Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI published?
What is the genre of Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI?
How many pages does Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI have?
Can you summarize Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI?
What is Flame in the mist about?
Who is the author of Flame in the mist?
When was Flame in the mist published?
What is the genre of Flame in the mist?
How many pages does Flame in the mist have?
Can you summarize Flame in the mist?
What is Eliza and her monsters about?
Who is the author of Eliza and her monsters?
When was Eliza and her monsters published?
What is the genre of Eliza and her monsters?
How many pages does Eliza and her monsters have?
Can you summarize Eliza and her monsters?
What is History Is All You Left Me about?
Who is the author of History Is All You Left Me?
When was History Is All You Left Me published?
What is the genre of History Is All You Left Me?
How many pages does History Is All You Left Me have?
Can you summarize History Is All You Left Me?
What is Silence fallen about?
Who is the author of Silence fallen?
When was Silence fallen published?
What is the genre of Silence fallen?
How many pages does Silence fallen have?
Can you summarize Silence fallen?
What is They both die at the end about?
Who is the author of They both die at the end?
When was They both die at the end published?
What is the genre of They both die at the end?
How many pages does They both die at the end have?
Can you summarize They both die at the end?
What is The upside of unrequited about?
Who is the author of The upside of unrequited?
When was The upside of unrequited published?
What is the genre of The upside of unrequited?
How many pages does The upside of unrequited have?
Can you summarize The upside of unrequited?
What is Waking gods about?
Who is the author of Waking gods?
When was Waking gods published?
What is the genre of Waking gods?
How many pages does Waking gods have?
Can you summarize Waking gods?
What is The radium girls about?
Who is the author of The radium girls?
When was The radium girls published?
What is the genre of The radium girls?
How many pages does The radium girls have?
Can you summarize The radium girls?
What is A List of Cages about?
Who is the author of A List of Cages?
When was A List of Cages published?
What is the genre of A List of Cages?
How many pages does A List of Cages have?
Can you summarize A List of Cages?
What is Astrophysics for people in a hurry about?
Who is the author of Astrophysics for people in a hurry?
When was Astrophysics for people in a hurry published?
What is the genre of Astrophysics for people in a hurry?
How many pages does Astrophysics for people in a hurry have?
Can you summarize Astrophysics for people in a hurry?
What is Our Dark Duet about?
Who is the author of Our Dark Duet?
When was Our Dark Duet published?
What is the genre of Our Dark Duet?
How many pages does Our Dark Duet have?
Can you summarize Our Dark Duet?
What is Wildfire about?
Who is the author of Wildfire?
When was Wildfire published?
What is the genre of Wildfire?
How many pages does Wildfire have?
Can you summarize Wildfire?
What is Behind her eyes about?
Who is the author of Behind her eyes?
When was Behind her eyes published?
What is the genre of Behind her eyes?
How many pages does Behind her eyes have?
Can you summarize Behind her eyes?
What is Egomaniac about?
Who is the author of Egomaniac?
When was Egomaniac published?
What is the genre of Egomaniac?
How many pages does Egomaniac have?
Can you summarize Egomaniac?
What is By Your Side about?
Who is the author of By Your Side?
When was By Your Side published?
What is the genre of By Your Side?
How many pages does By Your Side have?
Can you summarize By Your Side?
What is Etched in bone about?
Who is the author of Etched in bone?
When was Etched in bone published?
What is the genre of Etched in bone?
How many pages does Etched in bone have?
Can you summarize Etched in bone?
What is The Chilbury Ladies' Choir about?
Who is the author of The Chilbury Ladies' Choir?
When was The Chilbury Ladies' Choir published?
What is the genre of The Chilbury Ladies' Choir?
How many pages does The Chilbury Ladies' Choir have?
Can you summarize The Chilbury Ladies' Choir?
What is Geekerella about?
Who is the author of Geekerella?
When was Geekerella published?
What is the genre of Geekerella?
How many pages does Geekerella have?
Can you summarize Geekerella?
What is My Not So Perfect Life about?
Who is the author of My Not So Perfect Life?
When was My Not So Perfect Life published?
What is the genre of My Not So Perfect Life?
How many pages does My Not So Perfect Life have?
Can you summarize My Not So Perfect Life?
What is Artemis about?
Who is the author of Artemis?
When was Artemis published?
What is the genre of Artemis?
How many pages does Artemis have?
Can you summarize Artemis?
What is Royally Matched about?
Who is the author of Royally Matched?
When was Royally Matched published?
What is the genre of Royally Matched?
How many pages does Royally Matched have?
Can you summarize Royally Matched?
What is Red sister about?
Who is the author of Red sister?
When was Red sister published?
What is the genre of Red sister?
How many pages does Red sister have?
Can you summarize Red sister?
What is Origin about?
Who is the author of Origin?
When was Origin published?
What is the genre of Origin?
How many pages does Origin have?
Can you summarize Origin?
What is The Chosen: A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood about?
Who is the author of The Chosen: A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood?
When was The Chosen: A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood published?
What is the genre of The Chosen: A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood?
How many pages does The Chosen: A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood have?
Can you summarize The Chosen: A Novel of the Black Dagger Brotherhood?
What is The Roanoke girls about?
Who is the author of The Roanoke girls?
When was The Roanoke girls published?
What is the genre of The Roanoke girls?
How many pages does The Roanoke girls have?
Can you summarize The Roanoke girls?
What is Daughter of the pirate king about?
Who is the author of Daughter of the pirate king?
When was Daughter of the pirate king published?
What is the genre of Daughter of the pirate king?
How many pages does Daughter of the pirate king have?
Can you summarize Daughter of the pirate king?
What is Wayfarer about?
Who is the author of Wayfarer?
When was Wayfarer published?
What is the genre of Wayfarer?
How many pages does Wayfarer have?
Can you summarize Wayfarer?
What is Anything is possible about?
Who is the author of Anything is possible?
When was Anything is possible published?
What is the genre of Anything is possible?
How many pages does Anything is possible have?
Can you summarize Anything is possible?
What is Echoes in death about?
Who is the author of Echoes in death?
When was Echoes in death published?
What is the genre of Echoes in death?
How many pages does Echoes in death have?
Can you summarize Echoes in death?
What is Preppy about?
Who is the author of Preppy?
When was Preppy published?
What is the genre of Preppy?
How many pages does Preppy have?
Can you summarize Preppy?
What is More Than a Feeling about?
Who is the author of More Than a Feeling?
When was More Than a Feeling published?
What is the genre of More Than a Feeling?
How many pages does More Than a Feeling have?
Can you summarize More Than a Feeling?
What is The shadow land about?
Who is the author of The shadow land?
When was The shadow land published?
What is the genre of The shadow land?
How many pages does The shadow land have?
Can you summarize The shadow land?
What is Traitor to the throne about?
Who is the author of Traitor to the throne?
When was Traitor to the throne published?
What is the genre of Traitor to the throne?
How many pages does Traitor to the throne have?
Can you summarize Traitor to the throne?
What is The women in the castle about?
Who is the author of The women in the castle?
When was The women in the castle published?
What is the genre of The women in the castle?
How many pages does The women in the castle have?
Can you summarize The women in the castle?
What is Everything you want me to be about?
Who is the author of Everything you want me to be?
When was Everything you want me to be published?
What is the genre of Everything you want me to be?
How many pages does Everything you want me to be have?
Can you summarize Everything you want me to be?
What is Now I rise about?
Who is the author of Now I rise?
When was Now I rise published?
What is the genre of Now I rise?
How many pages does Now I rise have?
Can you summarize Now I rise?
What is Since We Fell about?
Who is the author of Since We Fell?
When was Since We Fell published?
What is the genre of Since We Fell?
How many pages does Since We Fell have?
Can you summarize Since We Fell?
What is Renegades about?
Who is the author of Renegades?
When was Renegades published?
What is the genre of Renegades?
How many pages does Renegades have?
Can you summarize Renegades?
What is Good Daughter about?
Who is the author of Good Daughter?
When was Good Daughter published?
What is the genre of Good Daughter?
How many pages does Good Daughter have?
Can you summarize Good Daughter?
What is The Ship of the Dead about?
Who is the author of The Ship of the Dead?
When was The Ship of the Dead published?
What is the genre of The Ship of the Dead?
How many pages does The Ship of the Dead have?
Can you summarize The Ship of the Dead?
What is Mister Moneybags about?
Who is the author of Mister Moneybags?
When was Mister Moneybags published?
What is the genre of Mister Moneybags?
How many pages does Mister Moneybags have?
Can you summarize Mister Moneybags?
What is Come sundown about?
Who is the author of Come sundown?
When was Come sundown published?
What is the genre of Come sundown?
How many pages does Come sundown have?
Can you summarize Come sundown?
What is Dragon teeth about?
Who is the author of Dragon teeth?
When was Dragon teeth published?
What is the genre of Dragon teeth?
How many pages does Dragon teeth have?
Can you summarize Dragon teeth?
What is The twelve lives of Samuel Hawley about?
Who is the author of The twelve lives of Samuel Hawley?
When was The twelve lives of Samuel Hawley published?
What is the genre of The twelve lives of Samuel Hawley?
How many pages does The twelve lives of Samuel Hawley have?
Can you summarize The twelve lives of Samuel Hawley?
What is The Stranger in the Woods about?
Who is the author of The Stranger in the Woods?
When was The Stranger in the Woods published?
What is the genre of The Stranger in the Woods?
How many pages does The Stranger in the Woods have?
Can you summarize The Stranger in the Woods?
What is The lying game about?
Who is the author of The lying game?
When was The lying game published?
What is the genre of The lying game?
How many pages does The lying game have?
Can you summarize The lying game?
What is Wicked Abyss about?
Who is the author of Wicked Abyss?
When was Wicked Abyss published?
What is the genre of Wicked Abyss?
How many pages does Wicked Abyss have?
Can you summarize Wicked Abyss?
What is Lillian Boxfish takes a walk about?
Who is the author of Lillian Boxfish takes a walk?
When was Lillian Boxfish takes a walk published?
What is the genre of Lillian Boxfish takes a walk?
How many pages does Lillian Boxfish takes a walk have?
Can you summarize Lillian Boxfish takes a walk?
What is Circe about?
Who is the author of Circe?
When was Circe published?
What is the genre of Circe?
How many pages does Circe have?
Can you summarize Circe?
What is Where The Crawdads Sing about?
Who is the author of Where The Crawdads Sing?
When was Where The Crawdads Sing published?
What is the genre of Where The Crawdads Sing?
How many pages does Where The Crawdads Sing have?
Can you summarize Where The Crawdads Sing?
What is Children of Blood and Bone about?
Who is the author of Children of Blood and Bone?
When was Children of Blood and Bone published?
What is the genre of Children of Blood and Bone?
How many pages does Children of Blood and Bone have?
Can you summarize Children of Blood and Bone?
What is An American Marriage about?
Who is the author of An American Marriage?
When was An American Marriage published?
What is the genre of An American Marriage?
How many pages does An American Marriage have?
Can you summarize An American Marriage?
What is I'll Be Gone in the Dark about?
Who is the author of I'll Be Gone in the Dark?
When was I'll Be Gone in the Dark published?
What is the genre of I'll Be Gone in the Dark?
How many pages does I'll Be Gone in the Dark have?
Can you summarize I'll Be Gone in the Dark?
What is The Wife Between Us about?
Who is the author of The Wife Between Us?
When was The Wife Between Us published?
What is the genre of The Wife Between Us?
How many pages does The Wife Between Us have?
Can you summarize The Wife Between Us?
What is Thunderhead about?
Who is the author of Thunderhead?
When was Thunderhead published?
What is the genre of Thunderhead?
How many pages does Thunderhead have?
Can you summarize Thunderhead?
What is A Court of Frost and Starlight about?
Who is the author of A Court of Frost and Starlight?
When was A Court of Frost and Starlight published?
What is the genre of A Court of Frost and Starlight?
How many pages does A Court of Frost and Starlight have?
Can you summarize A Court of Frost and Starlight?
What is The Tattooist of Auschwitz about?
Who is the author of The Tattooist of Auschwitz?
When was The Tattooist of Auschwitz published?
What is the genre of The Tattooist of Auschwitz?
How many pages does The Tattooist of Auschwitz have?
Can you summarize The Tattooist of Auschwitz?
What is The Outsider: A Novel about?
Who is the author of The Outsider: A Novel?
When was The Outsider: A Novel published?
What is the genre of The Outsider: A Novel?
How many pages does The Outsider: A Novel have?
Can you summarize The Outsider: A Novel?
What is The Immortalists about?
Who is the author of The Immortalists?
When was The Immortalists published?
What is the genre of The Immortalists?
How many pages does The Immortalists have?
Can you summarize The Immortalists?
What is Kingdom of Ash about?
Who is the author of Kingdom of Ash?
When was Kingdom of Ash published?
What is the genre of Kingdom of Ash?
How many pages does Kingdom of Ash have?
Can you summarize Kingdom of Ash?
What is The death of Mrs. Westaway about?
Who is the author of The death of Mrs. Westaway?
When was The death of Mrs. Westaway published?
What is the genre of The death of Mrs. Westaway?
How many pages does The death of Mrs. Westaway have?
Can you summarize The death of Mrs. Westaway?
What is Still me about?
Who is the author of Still me?
When was Still me published?
What is the genre of Still me?
How many pages does Still me have?
Can you summarize Still me?
What is All Your Perfects about?
Who is the author of All Your Perfects?
When was All Your Perfects published?
What is the genre of All Your Perfects?
How many pages does All Your Perfects have?
Can you summarize All Your Perfects?
What is Sky in the deep about?
Who is the author of Sky in the deep?
When was Sky in the deep published?
What is the genre of Sky in the deep?
How many pages does Sky in the deep have?
Can you summarize Sky in the deep?
What is Obsidio about?
Who is the author of Obsidio?
When was Obsidio published?
What is the genre of Obsidio?
How many pages does Obsidio have?
Can you summarize Obsidio?
What is The broken girls about?
Who is the author of The broken girls?
When was The broken girls published?
What is the genre of The broken girls?
How many pages does The broken girls have?
Can you summarize The broken girls?
What is The prince and the dressmaker about?
Who is the author of The prince and the dressmaker?
When was The prince and the dressmaker published?
What is the genre of The prince and the dressmaker?
How many pages does The prince and the dressmaker have?
Can you summarize The prince and the dressmaker?
What is Leah on the offbeat about?
Who is the author of Leah on the offbeat?
When was Leah on the offbeat published?
What is the genre of Leah on the offbeat?
How many pages does Leah on the offbeat have?
Can you summarize Leah on the offbeat?
What is A reaper at the gates about?
Who is the author of A reaper at the gates?
When was A reaper at the gates published?
What is the genre of A reaper at the gates?
How many pages does A reaper at the gates have?
Can you summarize A reaper at the gates?
What is Then she was gone about?
Who is the author of Then she was gone?
When was Then she was gone published?
What is the genre of Then she was gone?
How many pages does Then she was gone have?
Can you summarize Then she was gone?
What is The Poppy War about?
Who is the author of The Poppy War?
When was The Poppy War published?
What is the genre of The Poppy War?
How many pages does The Poppy War have?
Can you summarize The Poppy War?
What is There There about?
Who is the author of There There?
When was There There published?
What is the genre of There There?
How many pages does There There have?
Can you summarize There There?
What is The Hazel Wood about?
Who is the author of The Hazel Wood?
When was The Hazel Wood published?
What is the genre of The Hazel Wood?
How many pages does The Hazel Wood have?
Can you summarize The Hazel Wood?
What is Sex, Not Love about?
Who is the author of Sex, Not Love?
When was Sex, Not Love published?
What is the genre of Sex, Not Love?
How many pages does Sex, Not Love have?
Can you summarize Sex, Not Love?
What is The Overstory about?
Who is the author of The Overstory?
When was The Overstory published?
What is the genre of The Overstory?
How many pages does The Overstory have?
Can you summarize The Overstory?
What is The chalk man about?
Who is the author of The chalk man?
When was The chalk man published?
What is the genre of The chalk man?
How many pages does The chalk man have?
Can you summarize The chalk man?
What is War Storm about?
Who is the author of War Storm?
When was War Storm published?
What is the genre of War Storm?
How many pages does War Storm have?
Can you summarize War Storm?
What is Normal People about?
Who is the author of Normal People?
When was Normal People published?
What is the genre of Normal People?
How many pages does Normal People have?
Can you summarize Normal People?
What is Love and Other Words about?
Who is the author of Love and Other Words?
When was Love and Other Words published?
What is the genre of Love and Other Words?
How many pages does Love and Other Words have?
Can you summarize Love and Other Words?
What is 12 Rules for Life about?
Who is the author of 12 Rules for Life?
When was 12 Rules for Life published?
What is the genre of 12 Rules for Life?
How many pages does 12 Rules for Life have?
Can you summarize 12 Rules for Life?
What is Lethal White about?
Who is the author of Lethal White?
When was Lethal White published?
What is the genre of Lethal White?
How many pages does Lethal White have?
Can you summarize Lethal White?
What is Muse of Nightmares about?
Who is the author of Muse of Nightmares?
When was Muse of Nightmares published?
What is the genre of Muse of Nightmares?
How many pages does Muse of Nightmares have?
Can you summarize Muse of Nightmares?
What is Look the Part about?
Who is the author of Look the Part?
When was Look the Part published?
What is the genre of Look the Part?
How many pages does Look the Part have?
Can you summarize Look the Part?
What is Every note played about?
Who is the author of Every note played?
When was Every note played published?
What is the genre of Every note played?
How many pages does Every note played have?
Can you summarize Every note played?
What is How to walk away about?
Who is the author of How to walk away?
When was How to walk away published?
What is the genre of How to walk away?
How many pages does How to walk away have?
Can you summarize How to walk away?
What is Fawkes about?
Who is the author of Fawkes?
When was Fawkes published?
What is the genre of Fawkes?
How many pages does Fawkes have?
Can you summarize Fawkes?
What is Restore me about?
Who is the author of Restore me?
When was Restore me published?
What is the genre of Restore me?
How many pages does Restore me have?
Can you summarize Restore me?
What is The Belles about?
Who is the author of The Belles?
When was The Belles published?
What is the genre of The Belles?
How many pages does The Belles have?
Can you summarize The Belles?
What is Something in the water about?
Who is the author of Something in the water?
When was Something in the water published?
What is the genre of Something in the water?
How many pages does Something in the water have?
Can you summarize Something in the water?
What is The simple wild about?
Who is the author of The simple wild?
When was The simple wild published?
What is the genre of The simple wild?
How many pages does The simple wild have?
Can you summarize The simple wild?
What is Everything Here Is Beautiful (Lee, Mira T.) about?
Who is the author of Everything Here Is Beautiful (Lee, Mira T.)?
When was Everything Here Is Beautiful (Lee, Mira T.) published?
What is the genre of Everything Here Is Beautiful (Lee, Mira T.)?
How many pages does Everything Here Is Beautiful (Lee, Mira T.) have?
Can you summarize Everything Here Is Beautiful (Lee, Mira T.)?
What is Legendary about?
Who is the author of Legendary?
When was Legendary published?
What is the genre of Legendary?
How many pages does Legendary have?
Can you summarize Legendary?
What is A place for us about?
Who is the author of A place for us?
When was A place for us published?
What is the genre of A place for us?
How many pages does A place for us have?
Can you summarize A place for us?
What is Furyborn about?
Who is the author of Furyborn?
When was Furyborn published?
What is the genre of Furyborn?
How many pages does Furyborn have?
Can you summarize Furyborn?
What is The Boy and His Ribbon about?
Who is the author of The Boy and His Ribbon?
When was The Boy and His Ribbon published?
What is the genre of The Boy and His Ribbon?
How many pages does The Boy and His Ribbon have?
Can you summarize The Boy and His Ribbon?
What is The room on Rue Amélie about?
Who is the author of The room on Rue Amélie?
When was The room on Rue Amélie published?
What is the genre of The room on Rue Amélie?
How many pages does The room on Rue Amélie have?
Can you summarize The room on Rue Amélie?
What is the witch doesn't burn in this one about?
Who is the author of the witch doesn't burn in this one?
When was the witch doesn't burn in this one published?
What is the genre of the witch doesn't burn in this one?
How many pages does the witch doesn't burn in this one have?
Can you summarize the witch doesn't burn in this one?
What is Our Dark Stars about?
Who is the author of Our Dark Stars?
When was Our Dark Stars published?
What is the genre of Our Dark Stars?
How many pages does Our Dark Stars have?
Can you summarize Our Dark Stars?
What is The sun does shine about?
Who is the author of The sun does shine?
When was The sun does shine published?
What is the genre of The sun does shine?
How many pages does The sun does shine have?
Can you summarize The sun does shine?
What is As bright as heaven about?
Who is the author of As bright as heaven?
When was As bright as heaven published?
What is the genre of As bright as heaven?
How many pages does As bright as heaven have?
Can you summarize As bright as heaven?
What is Rise and Fall of the Dinosaurs about?
Who is the author of Rise and Fall of the Dinosaurs?
When was Rise and Fall of the Dinosaurs published?
What is the genre of Rise and Fall of the Dinosaurs?
How many pages does Rise and Fall of the Dinosaurs have?
Can you summarize Rise and Fall of the Dinosaurs?
What is Next year in Havana about?
Who is the author of Next year in Havana?
When was Next year in Havana published?
What is the genre of Next year in Havana?
How many pages does Next year in Havana have?
Can you summarize Next year in Havana?
What is Pestilence (The four Horsemen #1) about?
Who is the author of Pestilence (The four Horsemen #1)?
When was Pestilence (The four Horsemen #1) published?
What is the genre of Pestilence (The four Horsemen #1)?
How many pages does Pestilence (The four Horsemen #1) have?
Can you summarize Pestilence (The four Horsemen #1)?
What is Fire And Fury about?
Who is the author of Fire And Fury?
When was Fire And Fury published?
What is the genre of Fire And Fury?
How many pages does Fire And Fury have?
Can you summarize Fire And Fury?
What is Dirty Headlines about?
Who is the author of Dirty Headlines?
When was Dirty Headlines published?
What is the genre of Dirty Headlines?
How many pages does Dirty Headlines have?
Can you summarize Dirty Headlines?
What is Shelter in Place about?
Who is the author of Shelter in Place?
When was Shelter in Place published?
What is the genre of Shelter in Place?
How many pages does Shelter in Place have?
Can you summarize Shelter in Place?
What is Batman: Nightwalker (DC Icons Series) about?
Who is the author of Batman: Nightwalker (DC Icons Series)?
When was Batman: Nightwalker (DC Icons Series) published?
What is the genre of Batman: Nightwalker (DC Icons Series)?
How many pages does Batman: Nightwalker (DC Icons Series) have?
Can you summarize Batman: Nightwalker (DC Icons Series)?
What is Beneath the Sugar Sky about?
Who is the author of Beneath the Sugar Sky?
When was Beneath the Sugar Sky published?
What is the genre of Beneath the Sugar Sky?
How many pages does Beneath the Sugar Sky have?
Can you summarize Beneath the Sugar Sky?
What is You Think It, I'll Say It about?
Who is the author of You Think It, I'll Say It?
When was You Think It, I'll Say It published?
What is the genre of You Think It, I'll Say It?
How many pages does You Think It, I'll Say It have?
Can you summarize You Think It, I'll Say It?
What is My Year of Rest and Relaxation about?
Who is the author of My Year of Rest and Relaxation?
When was My Year of Rest and Relaxation published?
What is the genre of My Year of Rest and Relaxation?
How many pages does My Year of Rest and Relaxation have?
Can you summarize My Year of Rest and Relaxation?
What is I Flipping Love You about?
Who is the author of I Flipping Love You?
When was I Flipping Love You published?
What is the genre of I Flipping Love You?
How many pages does I Flipping Love You have?
Can you summarize I Flipping Love You?
What is Josh and Hazel's guide to not dating about?
Who is the author of Josh and Hazel's guide to not dating?
When was Josh and Hazel's guide to not dating published?
What is the genre of Josh and Hazel's guide to not dating?
How many pages does Josh and Hazel's guide to not dating have?
Can you summarize Josh and Hazel's guide to not dating?
What is What if it's us about?
Who is the author of What if it's us?
When was What if it's us published?
What is the genre of What if it's us?
How many pages does What if it's us have?
Can you summarize What if it's us?
What is I Was Anastasia about?
Who is the author of I Was Anastasia?
When was I Was Anastasia published?
What is the genre of I Was Anastasia?
How many pages does I Was Anastasia have?
Can you summarize I Was Anastasia?
What is Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo about?
Who is the author of Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo?
When was Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo published?
What is the genre of Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo?
How many pages does Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo have?
Can you summarize Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo?
What is The Grave's a Fine and Private Place about?
Who is the author of The Grave's a Fine and Private Place?
When was The Grave's a Fine and Private Place published?
What is the genre of The Grave's a Fine and Private Place?
How many pages does The Grave's a Fine and Private Place have?
Can you summarize The Grave's a Fine and Private Place?
What is Getting Schooled about?
Who is the author of Getting Schooled?
When was Getting Schooled published?
What is the genre of Getting Schooled?
How many pages does Getting Schooled have?
Can you summarize Getting Schooled?
What is Rainbirds about?
Who is the author of Rainbirds?
When was Rainbirds published?
What is the genre of Rainbirds?
How many pages does Rainbirds have?
Can you summarize Rainbirds?
What is The Library Book about?
Who is the author of The Library Book?
When was The Library Book published?
What is the genre of The Library Book?
How many pages does The Library Book have?
Can you summarize The Library Book?
What is Surprise me about?
Who is the author of Surprise me?
When was Surprise me published?
What is the genre of Surprise me?
How many pages does Surprise me have?
Can you summarize Surprise me?
What is Daisy Jones & The Six: A Novel about?
Who is the author of Daisy Jones & The Six: A Novel?
When was Daisy Jones & The Six: A Novel published?
What is the genre of Daisy Jones & The Six: A Novel?
How many pages does Daisy Jones & The Six: A Novel have?
Can you summarize Daisy Jones & The Six: A Novel?
What is The Silent Patient about?
Who is the author of The Silent Patient?
When was The Silent Patient published?
What is the genre of The Silent Patient?
How many pages does The Silent Patient have?
Can you summarize The Silent Patient?
What is The Winter of the Witch: A Novel (Winternight Trilogy Book 3) about?
Who is the author of The Winter of the Witch: A Novel (Winternight Trilogy Book 3)?
When was The Winter of the Witch: A Novel (Winternight Trilogy Book 3) published?
What is the genre of The Winter of the Witch: A Novel (Winternight Trilogy Book 3)?
How many pages does The Winter of the Witch: A Novel (Winternight Trilogy Book 3) have?
Can you summarize The Winter of the Witch: A Novel (Winternight Trilogy Book 3)?
What is Recursion about?
Who is the author of Recursion?
When was Recursion published?
What is the genre of Recursion?
How many pages does Recursion have?
Can you summarize Recursion?
What is The Bride Test about?
Who is the author of The Bride Test?
When was The Bride Test published?
What is the genre of The Bride Test?
How many pages does The Bride Test have?
Can you summarize The Bride Test?
What is The Dutch House about?
Who is the author of The Dutch House?
When was The Dutch House published?
What is the genre of The Dutch House?
How many pages does The Dutch House have?
Can you summarize The Dutch House?
What is The Kiss Thief about?
Who is the author of The Kiss Thief?
When was The Kiss Thief published?
What is the genre of The Kiss Thief?
How many pages does The Kiss Thief have?
Can you summarize The Kiss Thief?
What is City of Girls about?
Who is the author of City of Girls?
When was City of Girls published?
What is the genre of City of Girls?
How many pages does City of Girls have?
Can you summarize City of Girls?
What is A Woman Is No Man about?
Who is the author of A Woman Is No Man?
When was A Woman Is No Man published?
What is the genre of A Woman Is No Man?
How many pages does A Woman Is No Man have?
Can you summarize A Woman Is No Man?
What is Maybe you should talk to someone : a therapist, her therapist, and our lives revealed about?
Who is the author of Maybe you should talk to someone : a therapist, her therapist, and our lives revealed?
When was Maybe you should talk to someone : a therapist, her therapist, and our lives revealed published?
What is the genre of Maybe you should talk to someone : a therapist, her therapist, and our lives revealed?
How many pages does Maybe you should talk to someone : a therapist, her therapist, and our lives revealed have?
Can you summarize Maybe you should talk to someone : a therapist, her therapist, and our lives revealed?
What is Ask Again, Yes: A Novel about?
Who is the author of Ask Again, Yes: A Novel?
When was Ask Again, Yes: A Novel published?
What is the genre of Ask Again, Yes: A Novel?
How many pages does Ask Again, Yes: A Novel have?
Can you summarize Ask Again, Yes: A Novel?
What is This Tender Land about?
Who is the author of This Tender Land?
When was This Tender Land published?
What is the genre of This Tender Land?
How many pages does This Tender Land have?
Can you summarize This Tender Land?
What is An Anonymous Girl about?
Who is the author of An Anonymous Girl?
When was An Anonymous Girl published?
What is the genre of An Anonymous Girl?
How many pages does An Anonymous Girl have?
Can you summarize An Anonymous Girl?
What is Flatshare about?
Who is the author of Flatshare?
When was Flatshare published?
What is the genre of Flatshare?
How many pages does Flatshare have?
Can you summarize Flatshare?
What is On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous about?
Who is the author of On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous?
When was On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous published?
What is the genre of On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous?
How many pages does On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous have?
Can you summarize On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous?
What is Things You Save in a Fire about?
Who is the author of Things You Save in a Fire?
When was Things You Save in a Fire published?
What is the genre of Things You Save in a Fire?
How many pages does Things You Save in a Fire have?
Can you summarize Things You Save in a Fire?
What is The Starless Sea about?
Who is the author of The Starless Sea?
When was The Starless Sea published?
What is the genre of The Starless Sea?
How many pages does The Starless Sea have?
Can you summarize The Starless Sea?
What is A Curse So Dark and Lonely about?
Who is the author of A Curse So Dark and Lonely?
When was A Curse So Dark and Lonely published?
What is the genre of A Curse So Dark and Lonely?
How many pages does A Curse So Dark and Lonely have?
Can you summarize A Curse So Dark and Lonely?
What is Miracle Creek about?
Who is the author of Miracle Creek?
When was Miracle Creek published?
What is the genre of Miracle Creek?
How many pages does Miracle Creek have?
Can you summarize Miracle Creek?
What is The Turn of the Key about?
Who is the author of The Turn of the Key?
When was The Turn of the Key published?
What is the genre of The Turn of the Key?
How many pages does The Turn of the Key have?
Can you summarize The Turn of the Key?
What is Where the Forest Meets the Stars about?
Who is the author of Where the Forest Meets the Stars?
When was Where the Forest Meets the Stars published?
What is the genre of Where the Forest Meets the Stars?
How many pages does Where the Forest Meets the Stars have?
Can you summarize Where the Forest Meets the Stars?
What is Ninth House about?
Who is the author of Ninth House?
When was Ninth House published?
What is the genre of Ninth House?
How many pages does Ninth House have?
Can you summarize Ninth House?
What is Catch and Kill about?
Who is the author of Catch and Kill?
When was Catch and Kill published?
What is the genre of Catch and Kill?
How many pages does Catch and Kill have?
Can you summarize Catch and Kill?
What is I Think You're Wrong about?
Who is the author of I Think You're Wrong?
When was I Think You're Wrong published?
What is the genre of I Think You're Wrong?
How many pages does I Think You're Wrong have?
Can you summarize I Think You're Wrong?
What is Finale about?
Who is the author of Finale?
When was Finale published?
What is the genre of Finale?
How many pages does Finale have?
Can you summarize Finale?
What is The Ten Thousand Doors of January about?
Who is the author of The Ten Thousand Doors of January?
When was The Ten Thousand Doors of January published?
What is the genre of The Ten Thousand Doors of January?
How many pages does The Ten Thousand Doors of January have?
Can you summarize The Ten Thousand Doors of January?
What is The Girl He Used to Know about?
Who is the author of The Girl He Used to Know?
When was The Girl He Used to Know published?
What is the genre of The Girl He Used to Know?
How many pages does The Girl He Used to Know have?
Can you summarize The Girl He Used to Know?
What is Two Can Keep a Secret about?
Who is the author of Two Can Keep a Secret?
When was Two Can Keep a Secret published?
What is the genre of Two Can Keep a Secret?
How many pages does Two Can Keep a Secret have?
Can you summarize Two Can Keep a Secret?
What is The Lost Girls of Paris about?
Who is the author of The Lost Girls of Paris?
When was The Lost Girls of Paris published?
What is the genre of The Lost Girls of Paris?
How many pages does The Lost Girls of Paris have?
Can you summarize The Lost Girls of Paris?
What is Kingdom of Copper about?
Who is the author of Kingdom of Copper?
When was Kingdom of Copper published?
What is the genre of Kingdom of Copper?
How many pages does Kingdom of Copper have?
Can you summarize Kingdom of Copper?
What is Lost Roses about?
Who is the author of Lost Roses?
When was Lost Roses published?
What is the genre of Lost Roses?
How many pages does Lost Roses have?
Can you summarize Lost Roses?
What is With the Fire on High about?
Who is the author of With the Fire on High?
When was With the Fire on High published?
What is the genre of With the Fire on High?
How many pages does With the Fire on High have?
Can you summarize With the Fire on High?
What is Talking to Strangers about?
Who is the author of Talking to Strangers?
When was Talking to Strangers published?
What is the genre of Talking to Strangers?
How many pages does Talking to Strangers have?
Can you summarize Talking to Strangers?
What is The Grace Year about?
Who is the author of The Grace Year?
When was The Grace Year published?
What is the genre of The Grace Year?
How many pages does The Grace Year have?
Can you summarize The Grace Year?
What is Pretty Reckless about?
Who is the author of Pretty Reckless?
When was Pretty Reckless published?
What is the genre of Pretty Reckless?
How many pages does Pretty Reckless have?
Can you summarize Pretty Reckless?
What is When All Is Said about?
Who is the author of When All Is Said?
When was When All Is Said published?
What is the genre of When All Is Said?
How many pages does When All Is Said have?
Can you summarize When All Is Said?
What is The Night Tiger about?
Who is the author of The Night Tiger?
When was The Night Tiger published?
What is the genre of The Night Tiger?
How many pages does The Night Tiger have?
Can you summarize The Night Tiger?
What is Sorcery of Thorns about?
Who is the author of Sorcery of Thorns?
When was Sorcery of Thorns published?
What is the genre of Sorcery of Thorns?
How many pages does Sorcery of Thorns have?
Can you summarize Sorcery of Thorns?
What is Sapphire Flames about?
Who is the author of Sapphire Flames?
When was Sapphire Flames published?
What is the genre of Sapphire Flames?
How many pages does Sapphire Flames have?
Can you summarize Sapphire Flames?
What is Wayward Son about?
Who is the author of Wayward Son?
When was Wayward Son published?
What is the genre of Wayward Son?
How many pages does Wayward Son have?
Can you summarize Wayward Son?
What is The Dreamers about?
Who is the author of The Dreamers?
When was The Dreamers published?
What is the genre of The Dreamers?
How many pages does The Dreamers have?
Can you summarize The Dreamers?
What is Summer of '69 about?
Who is the author of Summer of '69?
When was Summer of '69 published?
What is the genre of Summer of '69?
How many pages does Summer of '69 have?
Can you summarize Summer of '69?
What is The Gilded Wolves about?
Who is the author of The Gilded Wolves?
When was The Gilded Wolves published?
What is the genre of The Gilded Wolves?
How many pages does The Gilded Wolves have?
Can you summarize The Gilded Wolves?
What is Red Scrolls of Magic about?
Who is the author of Red Scrolls of Magic?
When was Red Scrolls of Magic published?
What is the genre of Red Scrolls of Magic?
How many pages does Red Scrolls of Magic have?
Can you summarize Red Scrolls of Magic?
What is Black Leopard, Red Wolf about?
Who is the author of Black Leopard, Red Wolf?
When was Black Leopard, Red Wolf published?
What is the genre of Black Leopard, Red Wolf?
How many pages does Black Leopard, Red Wolf have?
Can you summarize Black Leopard, Red Wolf?
What is The Stationery Shop about?
Who is the author of The Stationery Shop?
When was The Stationery Shop published?
What is the genre of The Stationery Shop?
How many pages does The Stationery Shop have?
Can you summarize The Stationery Shop?
What is Gideon the Ninth about?
Who is the author of Gideon the Ninth?
When was Gideon the Ninth published?
What is the genre of Gideon the Ninth?
How many pages does Gideon the Ninth have?
Can you summarize Gideon the Ninth?
What is The Giver of Stars about?
Who is the author of The Giver of Stars?
When was The Giver of Stars published?
What is the genre of The Giver of Stars?
How many pages does The Giver of Stars have?
Can you summarize The Giver of Stars?
What is Dark Age about?
Who is the author of Dark Age?
When was Dark Age published?
What is the genre of Dark Age?
How many pages does Dark Age have?
Can you summarize Dark Age?
What is The Things We Cannot Say about?
Who is the author of The Things We Cannot Say?
When was The Things We Cannot Say published?
What is the genre of The Things We Cannot Say?
How many pages does The Things We Cannot Say have?
Can you summarize The Things We Cannot Say?
What is Storm of Locusts about?
Who is the author of Storm of Locusts?
When was Storm of Locusts published?
What is the genre of Storm of Locusts?
How many pages does Storm of Locusts have?
Can you summarize Storm of Locusts?
What is Pumpkin Heads about?
Who is the author of Pumpkin Heads?
When was Pumpkin Heads published?
What is the genre of Pumpkin Heads?
How many pages does Pumpkin Heads have?
Can you summarize Pumpkin Heads?
What is Searching for Sylvie Lee about?
Who is the author of Searching for Sylvie Lee?
When was Searching for Sylvie Lee published?
What is the genre of Searching for Sylvie Lee?
How many pages does Searching for Sylvie Lee have?
Can you summarize Searching for Sylvie Lee?
What is Parkland about?
Who is the author of Parkland?
When was Parkland published?
What is the genre of Parkland?
How many pages does Parkland have?
Can you summarize Parkland?
What is The Night Olivia Fell about?
Who is the author of The Night Olivia Fell?
When was The Night Olivia Fell published?
What is the genre of The Night Olivia Fell?
How many pages does The Night Olivia Fell have?
Can you summarize The Night Olivia Fell?
What is The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World about?
Who is the author of The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World?
When was The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World published?
What is the genre of The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World?
How many pages does The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World have?
Can you summarize The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World?
What is Know My Name about?
Who is the author of Know My Name?
When was Know My Name published?
What is the genre of Know My Name?
How many pages does Know My Name have?
Can you summarize Know My Name?
What is The Test about?
Who is the author of The Test?
When was The Test published?
What is the genre of The Test?
How many pages does The Test have?
Can you summarize The Test?
What is The Light Over London about?
Who is the author of The Light Over London?
When was The Light Over London published?
What is the genre of The Light Over London?
How many pages does The Light Over London have?
Can you summarize The Light Over London?
What is Tiamat's Wrath about?
Who is the author of Tiamat's Wrath?
When was Tiamat's Wrath published?
What is the genre of Tiamat's Wrath?
How many pages does Tiamat's Wrath have?
Can you summarize Tiamat's Wrath?
What is The Bird King about?
Who is the author of The Bird King?
When was The Bird King published?
What is the genre of The Bird King?
How many pages does The Bird King have?
Can you summarize The Bird King?
What is The Raven Tower about?
Who is the author of The Raven Tower?
When was The Raven Tower published?
What is the genre of The Raven Tower?
How many pages does The Raven Tower have?
Can you summarize The Raven Tower?
What is The Farm about?
Who is the author of The Farm?
When was The Farm published?
What is the genre of The Farm?
How many pages does The Farm have?
Can you summarize The Farm?
What is The Last Romantics about?
Who is the author of The Last Romantics?
When was The Last Romantics published?
What is the genre of The Last Romantics?
How many pages does The Last Romantics have?
Can you summarize The Last Romantics?
What is Last House Guest about?
Who is the author of Last House Guest?
When was Last House Guest published?
What is the genre of Last House Guest?
How many pages does Last House Guest have?
Can you summarize Last House Guest?
What is Crescent City about?
Who is the author of Crescent City?
When was Crescent City published?
What is the genre of Crescent City?
How many pages does Crescent City have?
Can you summarize Crescent City?
What is The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue about?
Who is the author of The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue?
When was The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue published?
What is the genre of The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue?
How many pages does The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue have?
Can you summarize The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue?
What is Beach Read about?
Who is the author of Beach Read?
When was Beach Read published?
What is the genre of Beach Read?
How many pages does Beach Read have?
Can you summarize Beach Read?
What is My dark Vanessa about?
Who is the author of My dark Vanessa?
When was My dark Vanessa published?
What is the genre of My dark Vanessa?
How many pages does My dark Vanessa have?
Can you summarize My dark Vanessa?
What is Chain of Gold about?
Who is the author of Chain of Gold?
When was Chain of Gold published?
What is the genre of Chain of Gold?
How many pages does Chain of Gold have?
Can you summarize Chain of Gold?
What is Dear Edward about?
Who is the author of Dear Edward?
When was Dear Edward published?
What is the genre of Dear Edward?
How many pages does Dear Edward have?
Can you summarize Dear Edward?
What is Piranesi about?
Who is the author of Piranesi?
When was Piranesi published?
What is the genre of Piranesi?
How many pages does Piranesi have?
Can you summarize Piranesi?
What is Untamed about?
Who is the author of Untamed?
When was Untamed published?
What is the genre of Untamed?
How many pages does Untamed have?
Can you summarize Untamed?
What is The Sun Down Motel about?
Who is the author of The Sun Down Motel?
When was The Sun Down Motel published?
What is the genre of The Sun Down Motel?
How many pages does The Sun Down Motel have?
Can you summarize The Sun Down Motel?
What is The Girl with the Louding Voice about?
Who is the author of The Girl with the Louding Voice?
When was The Girl with the Louding Voice published?
What is the genre of The Girl with the Louding Voice?
How many pages does The Girl with the Louding Voice have?
Can you summarize The Girl with the Louding Voice?
What is Long Bright River about?
Who is the author of Long Bright River?
When was Long Bright River published?
What is the genre of Long Bright River?
How many pages does Long Bright River have?
Can you summarize Long Bright River?
What is In five years : a novel about?
Who is the author of In five years : a novel?
When was In five years : a novel published?
What is the genre of In five years : a novel?
How many pages does In five years : a novel have?
Can you summarize In five years : a novel?
What is Tweet cute about?
Who is the author of Tweet cute?
When was Tweet cute published?
What is the genre of Tweet cute?
How many pages does Tweet cute have?
Can you summarize Tweet cute?
What is Caste about?
Who is the author of Caste?
When was Caste published?
What is the genre of Caste?
How many pages does Caste have?
Can you summarize Caste?
What is The Glass Hotel about?
Who is the author of The Glass Hotel?
When was The Glass Hotel published?
What is the genre of The Glass Hotel?
How many pages does The Glass Hotel have?
Can you summarize The Glass Hotel?
What is The shadows between us about?
Who is the author of The shadows between us?
When was The shadows between us published?
What is the genre of The shadows between us?
How many pages does The shadows between us have?
Can you summarize The shadows between us?
What is Hamnet about?
Who is the author of Hamnet?
When was Hamnet published?
What is the genre of Hamnet?
How many pages does Hamnet have?
Can you summarize Hamnet?
What is Oona Out of Order about?
Who is the author of Oona Out of Order?
When was Oona Out of Order published?
What is the genre of Oona Out of Order?
How many pages does Oona Out of Order have?
Can you summarize Oona Out of Order?
What is Midnight Sun about?
Who is the author of Midnight Sun?
When was Midnight Sun published?
What is the genre of Midnight Sun?
How many pages does Midnight Sun have?
Can you summarize Midnight Sun?
What is Network Effect about?
Who is the author of Network Effect?
When was Network Effect published?
What is the genre of Network Effect?
How many pages does Network Effect have?
Can you summarize Network Effect?
What is Home Before Dark about?
Who is the author of Home Before Dark?
When was Home Before Dark published?
What is the genre of Home Before Dark?
How many pages does Home Before Dark have?
Can you summarize Home Before Dark?
What is Boyfriend Material about?
Who is the author of Boyfriend Material?
When was Boyfriend Material published?
What is the genre of Boyfriend Material?
How many pages does Boyfriend Material have?
Can you summarize Boyfriend Material?
What is The book of longings about?
Who is the author of The book of longings?
When was The book of longings published?
What is the genre of The book of longings?
How many pages does The book of longings have?
Can you summarize The book of longings?
What is Hidden Valley Road: Inside the Mind of an American Family about?
Who is the author of Hidden Valley Road: Inside the Mind of an American Family?
When was Hidden Valley Road: Inside the Mind of an American Family published?
What is the genre of Hidden Valley Road: Inside the Mind of an American Family?
How many pages does Hidden Valley Road: Inside the Mind of an American Family have?
Can you summarize Hidden Valley Road: Inside the Mind of an American Family?
What is One of us is next about?
Who is the author of One of us is next?
When was One of us is next published?
What is the genre of One of us is next?
How many pages does One of us is next have?
Can you summarize One of us is next?
What is Smoke bitten about?
Who is the author of Smoke bitten?
When was Smoke bitten published?
What is the genre of Smoke bitten?
How many pages does Smoke bitten have?
Can you summarize Smoke bitten?
What is The Jane Austen Society about?
Who is the author of The Jane Austen Society?
When was The Jane Austen Society published?
What is the genre of The Jane Austen Society?
How many pages does The Jane Austen Society have?
Can you summarize The Jane Austen Society?
What is Only Good Indians about?
Who is the author of Only Good Indians?
When was Only Good Indians published?
What is the genre of Only Good Indians?
How many pages does Only Good Indians have?
Can you summarize Only Good Indians?
What is Cemetery Boys about?
Who is the author of Cemetery Boys?
When was Cemetery Boys published?
What is the genre of Cemetery Boys?
How many pages does Cemetery Boys have?
Can you summarize Cemetery Boys?
What is The Empire of Gold about?
Who is the author of The Empire of Gold?
When was The Empire of Gold published?
What is the genre of The Empire of Gold?
How many pages does The Empire of Gold have?
Can you summarize The Empire of Gold?
What is Come Tumbling Down about?
Who is the author of Come Tumbling Down?
When was Come Tumbling Down published?
What is the genre of Come Tumbling Down?
How many pages does Come Tumbling Down have?
Can you summarize Come Tumbling Down?
What is A Deadly Education about?
Who is the author of A Deadly Education?
When was A Deadly Education published?
What is the genre of A Deadly Education?
How many pages does A Deadly Education have?
Can you summarize A Deadly Education?
What is Deacon King Kong about?
Who is the author of Deacon King Kong?
When was Deacon King Kong published?
What is the genre of Deacon King Kong?
How many pages does Deacon King Kong have?
Can you summarize Deacon King Kong?
What is Black Sun about?
Who is the author of Black Sun?
When was Black Sun published?
What is the genre of Black Sun?
How many pages does Black Sun have?
Can you summarize Black Sun?
What is Credence about?
Who is the author of Credence?
When was Credence published?
What is the genre of Credence?
How many pages does Credence have?
Can you summarize Credence?
What is Playing with Fire about?
Who is the author of Playing with Fire?
When was Playing with Fire published?
What is the genre of Playing with Fire?
How many pages does Playing with Fire have?
Can you summarize Playing with Fire?
What is Evening and the Morning about?
Who is the author of Evening and the Morning?
When was Evening and the Morning published?
What is the genre of Evening and the Morning?
How many pages does Evening and the Morning have?
Can you summarize Evening and the Morning?
What is Troubled Blood about?
Who is the author of Troubled Blood?
When was Troubled Blood published?
What is the genre of Troubled Blood?
How many pages does Troubled Blood have?
Can you summarize Troubled Blood?
What is Night Watchman about?
Who is the author of Night Watchman?
When was Night Watchman published?
What is the genre of Night Watchman?
How many pages does Night Watchman have?
Can you summarize Night Watchman?
What is The Kingdom of Back about?
Who is the author of The Kingdom of Back?
When was The Kingdom of Back published?
What is the genre of The Kingdom of Back?
How many pages does The Kingdom of Back have?
Can you summarize The Kingdom of Back?
What is Rodham about?
Who is the author of Rodham?
When was Rodham published?
What is the genre of Rodham?
How many pages does Rodham have?
Can you summarize Rodham?
What is Migrations about?
Who is the author of Migrations?
When was Migrations published?
What is the genre of Migrations?
How many pages does Migrations have?
Can you summarize Migrations?
What is The Henna Artist about?
Who is the author of The Henna Artist?
When was The Henna Artist published?
What is the genre of The Henna Artist?
How many pages does The Henna Artist have?
Can you summarize The Henna Artist?
What is Eight Perfect Murders about?
Who is the author of Eight Perfect Murders?
When was Eight Perfect Murders published?
What is the genre of Eight Perfect Murders?
How many pages does Eight Perfect Murders have?
Can you summarize Eight Perfect Murders?
What is From Blood and Ash about?
Who is the author of From Blood and Ash?
When was From Blood and Ash published?
What is the genre of From Blood and Ash?
How many pages does From Blood and Ash have?
Can you summarize From Blood and Ash?
What is Too Much and Never Enough about?
Who is the author of Too Much and Never Enough?
When was Too Much and Never Enough published?
What is the genre of Too Much and Never Enough?
How many pages does Too Much and Never Enough have?
Can you summarize Too Much and Never Enough?
What is The Mountains Sing about?
Who is the author of The Mountains Sing?
When was The Mountains Sing published?
What is the genre of The Mountains Sing?
How many pages does The Mountains Sing have?
Can you summarize The Mountains Sing?
What is Undercover bromance about?
Who is the author of Undercover bromance?
When was Undercover bromance published?
What is the genre of Undercover bromance?
How many pages does Undercover bromance have?
Can you summarize Undercover bromance?
What is The Mirror & the Light about?
Who is the author of The Mirror & the Light?
When was The Mirror & the Light published?
What is the genre of The Mirror & the Light?
How many pages does The Mirror & the Light have?
Can you summarize The Mirror & the Light?
What is One to Watch about?
Who is the author of One to Watch?
When was One to Watch published?
What is the genre of One to Watch?
How many pages does One to Watch have?
Can you summarize One to Watch?
What is DCYE DON'T CLOSE YOUR EYES about?
Who is the author of DCYE DON'T CLOSE YOUR EYES?
When was DCYE DON'T CLOSE YOUR EYES published?
What is the genre of DCYE DON'T CLOSE YOUR EYES?
How many pages does DCYE DON'T CLOSE YOUR EYES have?
Can you summarize DCYE DON'T CLOSE YOUR EYES?
What is Take a Hint, Dani Brown about?
Who is the author of Take a Hint, Dani Brown?
When was Take a Hint, Dani Brown published?
What is the genre of Take a Hint, Dani Brown?
How many pages does Take a Hint, Dani Brown have?
Can you summarize Take a Hint, Dani Brown?
What is The Book of Lost Friends about?
Who is the author of The Book of Lost Friends?
When was The Book of Lost Friends published?
What is the genre of The Book of Lost Friends?
How many pages does The Book of Lost Friends have?
Can you summarize The Book of Lost Friends?
What is Bronte's Mistress about?
Who is the author of Bronte's Mistress?
When was Bronte's Mistress published?
What is the genre of Bronte's Mistress?
How many pages does Bronte's Mistress have?
Can you summarize Bronte's Mistress?
What is Other Mrs about?
Who is the author of Other Mrs?
When was Other Mrs published?
What is the genre of Other Mrs?
How many pages does Other Mrs have?
Can you summarize Other Mrs?
What is Last Flight about?
Who is the author of Last Flight?
When was Last Flight published?
What is the genre of Last Flight?
How many pages does Last Flight have?
Can you summarize Last Flight?
What is Inheritance Games about?
Who is the author of Inheritance Games?
When was Inheritance Games published?
What is the genre of Inheritance Games?
How many pages does Inheritance Games have?
Can you summarize Inheritance Games?
What is Happy Ever after Playlist about?
Who is the author of Happy Ever after Playlist?
When was Happy Ever after Playlist published?
What is the genre of Happy Ever after Playlist?
How many pages does Happy Ever after Playlist have?
Can you summarize Happy Ever after Playlist?
What is Infinity Son about?
Who is the author of Infinity Son?
When was Infinity Son published?
What is the genre of Infinity Son?
How many pages does Infinity Son have?
Can you summarize Infinity Son?
What is Weather about?
Who is the author of Weather?
When was Weather published?
What is the genre of Weather?
How many pages does Weather have?
Can you summarize Weather?
What is Be My Brayshaw about?
Who is the author of Be My Brayshaw?
When was Be My Brayshaw published?
What is the genre of Be My Brayshaw?
How many pages does Be My Brayshaw have?
Can you summarize Be My Brayshaw?
What is Honey-Don't List about?
Who is the author of Honey-Don't List?
When was Honey-Don't List published?
What is the genre of Honey-Don't List?
How many pages does Honey-Don't List have?
Can you summarize Honey-Don't List?
What is Sigh, Gone about?
Who is the author of Sigh, Gone?
When was Sigh, Gone published?
What is the genre of Sigh, Gone?
How many pages does Sigh, Gone have?
Can you summarize Sigh, Gone?
What is You are not alone about?
Who is the author of You are not alone?
When was You are not alone published?
What is the genre of You are not alone?
How many pages does You are not alone have?
Can you summarize You are not alone?
What is Project Hail Mary about?
Who is the author of Project Hail Mary?
When was Project Hail Mary published?
What is the genre of Project Hail Mary?
How many pages does Project Hail Mary have?
Can you summarize Project Hail Mary?
What is A Court of Silver Flames about?
Who is the author of A Court of Silver Flames?
When was A Court of Silver Flames published?
What is the genre of A Court of Silver Flames?
How many pages does A Court of Silver Flames have?
Can you summarize A Court of Silver Flames?
What is The Love Hypothesis about?
Who is the author of The Love Hypothesis?
When was The Love Hypothesis published?
What is the genre of The Love Hypothesis?
How many pages does The Love Hypothesis have?
Can you summarize The Love Hypothesis?
What is People We Meet On Vacation about?
Who is the author of People We Meet On Vacation?
When was People We Meet On Vacation published?
What is the genre of People We Meet On Vacation?
How many pages does People We Meet On Vacation have?
Can you summarize People We Meet On Vacation?
What is Rose Code about?
Who is the author of Rose Code?
When was Rose Code published?
What is the genre of Rose Code?
How many pages does Rose Code have?
Can you summarize Rose Code?
What is Rule of Wolves about?
Who is the author of Rule of Wolves?
When was Rule of Wolves published?
What is the genre of Rule of Wolves?
How many pages does Rule of Wolves have?
Can you summarize Rule of Wolves?
What is Klara and the Sun about?
Who is the author of Klara and the Sun?
When was Klara and the Sun published?
What is the genre of Klara and the Sun?
How many pages does Klara and the Sun have?
Can you summarize Klara and the Sun?
What is Lost Apothecary about?
Who is the author of Lost Apothecary?
When was Lost Apothecary published?
What is the genre of Lost Apothecary?
How many pages does Lost Apothecary have?
Can you summarize Lost Apothecary?
What is The Push about?
Who is the author of The Push?
When was The Push published?
What is the genre of The Push?
How many pages does The Push have?
Can you summarize The Push?
What is Karma about?
Who is the author of Karma?
When was Karma published?
What is the genre of Karma?
How many pages does Karma have?
Can you summarize Karma?
What is One Last Stop about?
Who is the author of One Last Stop?
When was One Last Stop published?
What is the genre of One Last Stop?
How many pages does One Last Stop have?
Can you summarize One Last Stop?
What is Beautiful World, Where Are You about?
Who is the author of Beautiful World, Where Are You?
When was Beautiful World, Where Are You published?
What is the genre of Beautiful World, Where Are You?
How many pages does Beautiful World, Where Are You have?
Can you summarize Beautiful World, Where Are You?
What is Untitled EA about?
Who is the author of Untitled EA?
When was Untitled EA published?
What is the genre of Untitled EA?
How many pages does Untitled EA have?
Can you summarize Untitled EA?
What is The Anthropocene Reviewed about?
Who is the author of The Anthropocene Reviewed?
When was The Anthropocene Reviewed published?
What is the genre of The Anthropocene Reviewed?
How many pages does The Anthropocene Reviewed have?
Can you summarize The Anthropocene Reviewed?
What is Billy Summers about?
Who is the author of Billy Summers?
When was Billy Summers published?
What is the genre of Billy Summers?
How many pages does Billy Summers have?
Can you summarize Billy Summers?
What is The Maidens about?
Who is the author of The Maidens?
When was The Maidens published?
What is the genre of The Maidens?
How many pages does The Maidens have?
Can you summarize The Maidens?
What is The Crown of Gilded Bones about?
Who is the author of The Crown of Gilded Bones?
When was The Crown of Gilded Bones published?
What is the genre of The Crown of Gilded Bones?
How many pages does The Crown of Gilded Bones have?
Can you summarize The Crown of Gilded Bones?
What is Fugitive Telemetry about?
Who is the author of Fugitive Telemetry?
When was Fugitive Telemetry published?
What is the genre of Fugitive Telemetry?
How many pages does Fugitive Telemetry have?
Can you summarize Fugitive Telemetry?
What is The Soulmate Equation about?
Who is the author of The Soulmate Equation?
When was The Soulmate Equation published?
What is the genre of The Soulmate Equation?
How many pages does The Soulmate Equation have?
Can you summarize The Soulmate Equation?
What is Chain of Iron about?
Who is the author of Chain of Iron?
When was Chain of Iron published?
What is the genre of Chain of Iron?
How many pages does Chain of Iron have?
Can you summarize Chain of Iron?
What is Crying in H Mart about?
Who is the author of Crying in H Mart?
When was Crying in H Mart published?
What is the genre of Crying in H Mart?
How many pages does Crying in H Mart have?
Can you summarize Crying in H Mart?
What is The Final Girl Support Group about?
Who is the author of The Final Girl Support Group?
When was The Final Girl Support Group published?
What is the genre of The Final Girl Support Group?
How many pages does The Final Girl Support Group have?
Can you summarize The Final Girl Support Group?
What is Finlay Donovan Is Killing It about?
Who is the author of Finlay Donovan Is Killing It?
When was Finlay Donovan Is Killing It published?
What is the genre of Finlay Donovan Is Killing It?
How many pages does Finlay Donovan Is Killing It have?
Can you summarize Finlay Donovan Is Killing It?
What is Act Your Age, Eve Brown about?
Who is the author of Act Your Age, Eve Brown?
When was Act Your Age, Eve Brown published?
What is the genre of Act Your Age, Eve Brown?
How many pages does Act Your Age, Eve Brown have?
Can you summarize Act Your Age, Eve Brown?
What is Empire of Pain about?
Who is the author of Empire of Pain?
When was Empire of Pain published?
What is the genre of Empire of Pain?
How many pages does Empire of Pain have?
Can you summarize Empire of Pain?
What is The Hawthorne Legacy about?
Who is the author of The Hawthorne Legacy?
When was The Hawthorne Legacy published?
What is the genre of The Hawthorne Legacy?
How many pages does The Hawthorne Legacy have?
Can you summarize The Hawthorne Legacy?
What is Paris Library about?
Who is the author of Paris Library?
When was Paris Library published?
What is the genre of Paris Library?
How many pages does Paris Library have?
Can you summarize Paris Library?
What is Cloud Cuckoo Land about?
Who is the author of Cloud Cuckoo Land?
When was Cloud Cuckoo Land published?
What is the genre of Cloud Cuckoo Land?
How many pages does Cloud Cuckoo Land have?
Can you summarize Cloud Cuckoo Land?
What is Any Way the Wind Blows about?
Who is the author of Any Way the Wind Blows?
When was Any Way the Wind Blows published?
What is the genre of Any Way the Wind Blows?
How many pages does Any Way the Wind Blows have?
Can you summarize Any Way the Wind Blows?
What is When Strivings Cease about?
Who is the author of When Strivings Cease?
When was When Strivings Cease published?
What is the genre of When Strivings Cease?
How many pages does When Strivings Cease have?
Can you summarize When Strivings Cease?
What is Concrete Rose about?
Who is the author of Concrete Rose?
When was Concrete Rose published?
What is the genre of Concrete Rose?
How many pages does Concrete Rose have?
Can you summarize Concrete Rose?
What is The Wife Upstairs about?
Who is the author of The Wife Upstairs?
When was The Wife Upstairs published?
What is the genre of The Wife Upstairs?
How many pages does The Wife Upstairs have?
Can you summarize The Wife Upstairs?
What is Witch's Heart about?
Who is the author of Witch's Heart?
When was Witch's Heart published?
What is the genre of Witch's Heart?
How many pages does Witch's Heart have?
Can you summarize Witch's Heart?
What is Broken about?
Who is the author of Broken?
When was Broken published?
What is the genre of Broken?
How many pages does Broken have?
Can you summarize Broken?
What is The Mary Shelley Club about?
Who is the author of The Mary Shelley Club?
When was The Mary Shelley Club published?
What is the genre of The Mary Shelley Club?
How many pages does The Mary Shelley Club have?
Can you summarize The Mary Shelley Club?
What is My Wife Jodie about?
Who is the author of My Wife Jodie?
When was My Wife Jodie published?
What is the genre of My Wife Jodie?
How many pages does My Wife Jodie have?
Can you summarize My Wife Jodie?
What is Heartstopper about?
Who is the author of Heartstopper?
When was Heartstopper published?
What is the genre of Heartstopper?
How many pages does Heartstopper have?
Can you summarize Heartstopper?
What is The Good Sister about?
Who is the author of The Good Sister?
When was The Good Sister published?
What is the genre of The Good Sister?
How many pages does The Good Sister have?
Can you summarize The Good Sister?
What is The Guncle about?
Who is the author of The Guncle?
When was The Guncle published?
What is the genre of The Guncle?
How many pages does The Guncle have?
Can you summarize The Guncle?
What is Lore about?
Who is the author of Lore?
When was Lore published?
What is the genre of Lore?
How many pages does Lore have?
Can you summarize Lore?
What is Under the Whispering Door about?
Who is the author of Under the Whispering Door?
When was Under the Whispering Door published?
What is the genre of Under the Whispering Door?
How many pages does Under the Whispering Door have?
Can you summarize Under the Whispering Door?
What is The Heart Principle about?
Who is the author of The Heart Principle?
When was The Heart Principle published?
What is the genre of The Heart Principle?
How many pages does The Heart Principle have?
Can you summarize The Heart Principle?
What is Wild Sign about?
Who is the author of Wild Sign?
When was Wild Sign published?
What is the genre of Wild Sign?
How many pages does Wild Sign have?
Can you summarize Wild Sign?
What is Local Woman Missing about?
Who is the author of Local Woman Missing?
When was Local Woman Missing published?
What is the genre of Local Woman Missing?
How many pages does Local Woman Missing have?
Can you summarize Local Woman Missing?
What is The Burning Girls about?
Who is the author of The Burning Girls?
When was The Burning Girls published?
What is the genre of The Burning Girls?
How many pages does The Burning Girls have?
Can you summarize The Burning Girls?
What is It Happened One Summer about?
Who is the author of It Happened One Summer?
When was It Happened One Summer published?
What is the genre of It Happened One Summer?
How many pages does It Happened One Summer have?
Can you summarize It Happened One Summer?
What is Detransition, Baby about?
Who is the author of Detransition, Baby?
When was Detransition, Baby published?
What is the genre of Detransition, Baby?
How many pages does Detransition, Baby have?
Can you summarize Detransition, Baby?
What is Second First Impressions about?
Who is the author of Second First Impressions?
When was Second First Impressions published?
What is the genre of Second First Impressions?
How many pages does Second First Impressions have?
Can you summarize Second First Impressions?
What is Lore Olympus about?
Who is the author of Lore Olympus?
When was Lore Olympus published?
What is the genre of Lore Olympus?
How many pages does Lore Olympus have?
Can you summarize Lore Olympus?
What is The Lincoln Highway about?
Who is the author of The Lincoln Highway?
When was The Lincoln Highway published?
What is the genre of The Lincoln Highway?
How many pages does The Lincoln Highway have?
Can you summarize The Lincoln Highway?
What is Last One To Die about?
Who is the author of Last One To Die?
When was Last One To Die published?
What is the genre of Last One To Die?
How many pages does Last One To Die have?
Can you summarize Last One To Die?
What is Life's Too Short about?
Who is the author of Life's Too Short?
When was Life's Too Short published?
What is the genre of Life's Too Short?
How many pages does Life's Too Short have?
Can you summarize Life's Too Short?
What is Mina and the Undead about?
Who is the author of Mina and the Undead?
When was Mina and the Undead published?
What is the genre of Mina and the Undead?
How many pages does Mina and the Undead have?
Can you summarize Mina and the Undead?
What is Think Again about?
Who is the author of Think Again?
When was Think Again published?
What is the genre of Think Again?
How many pages does Think Again have?
Can you summarize Think Again?
What is How to Avoid a Climate Disaster about?
Who is the author of How to Avoid a Climate Disaster?
When was How to Avoid a Climate Disaster published?
What is the genre of How to Avoid a Climate Disaster?
How many pages does How to Avoid a Climate Disaster have?
Can you summarize How to Avoid a Climate Disaster?
What is The Reading List about?
Who is the author of The Reading List?
When was The Reading List published?
What is the genre of The Reading List?
How many pages does The Reading List have?
Can you summarize The Reading List?
What is Ace of Spades about?
Who is the author of Ace of Spades?
When was Ace of Spades published?
What is the genre of Ace of Spades?
How many pages does Ace of Spades have?
Can you summarize Ace of Spades?
What is The Forest of Vanishing Stars about?
Who is the author of The Forest of Vanishing Stars?
When was The Forest of Vanishing Stars published?
What is the genre of The Forest of Vanishing Stars?
How many pages does The Forest of Vanishing Stars have?
Can you summarize The Forest of Vanishing Stars?
What is The Plot about?
Who is the author of The Plot?
When was The Plot published?
What is the genre of The Plot?
How many pages does The Plot have?
Can you summarize The Plot?
What is Lycanthropy and Other Chronic Illnesses about?
Who is the author of Lycanthropy and Other Chronic Illnesses?
When was Lycanthropy and Other Chronic Illnesses published?
What is the genre of Lycanthropy and Other Chronic Illnesses?
How many pages does Lycanthropy and Other Chronic Illnesses have?
Can you summarize Lycanthropy and Other Chronic Illnesses?
What is Ariadne about?
Who is the author of Ariadne?
When was Ariadne published?
What is the genre of Ariadne?
How many pages does Ariadne have?
Can you summarize Ariadne?
What is Girl Who... about?
Who is the author of Girl Who...?
When was Girl Who... published?
What is the genre of Girl Who...?
How many pages does Girl Who... have?
Can you summarize Girl Who...?
What is Dial A for Aunties about?
Who is the author of Dial A for Aunties?
When was Dial A for Aunties published?
What is the genre of Dial A for Aunties?
How many pages does Dial A for Aunties have?
Can you summarize Dial A for Aunties?
What is When the Stars Go Dark about?
Who is the author of When the Stars Go Dark?
When was When the Stars Go Dark published?
What is the genre of When the Stars Go Dark?
How many pages does When the Stars Go Dark have?
Can you summarize When the Stars Go Dark?
What is The One Hundred Years of Lenni and Margot about?
Who is the author of The One Hundred Years of Lenni and Margot?
When was The One Hundred Years of Lenni and Margot published?
What is the genre of The One Hundred Years of Lenni and Margot?
How many pages does The One Hundred Years of Lenni and Margot have?
Can you summarize The One Hundred Years of Lenni and Margot?
What is The Code Breaker about?
Who is the author of The Code Breaker?
When was The Code Breaker published?
What is the genre of The Code Breaker?
How many pages does The Code Breaker have?
Can you summarize The Code Breaker?
What is Yellow Wife about?
Who is the author of Yellow Wife?
When was Yellow Wife published?
What is the genre of Yellow Wife?
How many pages does Yellow Wife have?
Can you summarize Yellow Wife?
What is The Other Black Girl about?
Who is the author of The Other Black Girl?
When was The Other Black Girl published?
What is the genre of The Other Black Girl?
How many pages does The Other Black Girl have?
Can you summarize The Other Black Girl?
What is Rock Paper Scissors about?
Who is the author of Rock Paper Scissors?
When was Rock Paper Scissors published?
What is the genre of Rock Paper Scissors?
How many pages does Rock Paper Scissors have?
Can you summarize Rock Paper Scissors?
What is The Removed about?
Who is the author of The Removed?
When was The Removed published?
What is the genre of The Removed?
How many pages does The Removed have?
Can you summarize The Removed?
What is The Hill We Climb about?
Who is the author of The Hill We Climb?
When was The Hill We Climb published?
What is the genre of The Hill We Climb?
How many pages does The Hill We Climb have?
Can you summarize The Hill We Climb?
What is The Premonition about?
Who is the author of The Premonition?
When was The Premonition published?
What is the genre of The Premonition?
How many pages does The Premonition have?
Can you summarize The Premonition?
What is The Night She Disappeared about?
Who is the author of The Night She Disappeared?
When was The Night She Disappeared published?
What is the genre of The Night She Disappeared?
How many pages does The Night She Disappeared have?
Can you summarize The Night She Disappeared?
What is The Boy I Am about?
Who is the author of The Boy I Am?
When was The Boy I Am published?
What is the genre of The Boy I Am?
How many pages does The Boy I Am have?
Can you summarize The Boy I Am?
What is Twice Shy about?
Who is the author of Twice Shy?
When was Twice Shy published?
What is the genre of Twice Shy?
How many pages does Twice Shy have?
Can you summarize Twice Shy?
What is Never Saw Me Coming about?
Who is the author of Never Saw Me Coming?
When was Never Saw Me Coming published?
What is the genre of Never Saw Me Coming?
How many pages does Never Saw Me Coming have?
Can you summarize Never Saw Me Coming?
What is House of Sky and Breath about?
Who is the author of House of Sky and Breath?
When was House of Sky and Breath published?
What is the genre of House of Sky and Breath?
How many pages does House of Sky and Breath have?
Can you summarize House of Sky and Breath?
What is Sea of Tranquility about?
Who is the author of Sea of Tranquility?
When was Sea of Tranquility published?
What is the genre of Sea of Tranquility?
How many pages does Sea of Tranquility have?
Can you summarize Sea of Tranquility?
What is Remarkably Bright Creatures about?
Who is the author of Remarkably Bright Creatures?
When was Remarkably Bright Creatures published?
What is the genre of Remarkably Bright Creatures?
How many pages does Remarkably Bright Creatures have?
Can you summarize Remarkably Bright Creatures?
What is Carrie Soto Is Back about?
Who is the author of Carrie Soto Is Back?
When was Carrie Soto Is Back published?
What is the genre of Carrie Soto Is Back?
How many pages does Carrie Soto Is Back have?
Can you summarize Carrie Soto Is Back?
What is Babel : Or the Necessity of Violence about?
Who is the author of Babel : Or the Necessity of Violence?
When was Babel : Or the Necessity of Violence published?
What is the genre of Babel : Or the Necessity of Violence?
How many pages does Babel : Or the Necessity of Violence have?
Can you summarize Babel : Or the Necessity of Violence?
What is Every Summer After about?
Who is the author of Every Summer After?
When was Every Summer After published?
What is the genre of Every Summer After?
How many pages does Every Summer After have?
Can you summarize Every Summer After?
What is Diamond Eye about?
Who is the author of Diamond Eye?
When was Diamond Eye published?
What is the genre of Diamond Eye?
How many pages does Diamond Eye have?
Can you summarize Diamond Eye?
What is Bodyguard about?
Who is the author of Bodyguard?
When was Bodyguard published?
What is the genre of Bodyguard?
How many pages does Bodyguard have?
Can you summarize Bodyguard?
